Horus was weak. Horus was a fool. He had the whole galaxy within his grasp and he let it slip away.
I am the Arch-fiend, the Despoiler of Worlds, and by my hands shall the false Emperor fall.
The Emperor protects. Kill every last one.
And what are the achievements of your fragile Imperium? It is a corpse rotting slowly from within while maggots writhe in its belly. It was built with the toil of heroes and giants, and now it is inhabited by frightened weaklings to whom the glories of those times are half forgotten legends. I have forgotten nothing and my wisdom has expanded far beyond mere mortal frailties.
Please forgive me the horror we both know you will make me put you through.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.
If the path to salvation leads through the halls of purgatory, then so be it.
Discipline leads to Victory
It is Victory in War that brings Immortality Immortality is the Gift of Chaos In exchange, Chaos demands Blood Thus, Blood must be ever spilt Therefore, Eternal Life demands Eternal War Eternal War demands Eternal Discipline Chaos will always have Blood: Yours or Theirs
I am Alpharius. I am Alpharius. We are all Alpharius. We are Alpha Legion, and we are all one.
Do you hear the voices too?!!
Long shall be your suffering. Joyous be your pain.
Your shrines will burn, your streets run with blood, your false idols shattered, your people slaughtered by the thousands, your very planet torn apart… and the barest fraction of my hatred will be satisfied.
If a man dedicates his life to good deeds and the welfare of others, he will die unthanked and unremembered. If he exercises his genius bringing misery and death to billions, his name will echo through the millennia for a hundred lifetimes. Infamy is always more preferable to ignominy.
Follow me, my Children, and the glory of victory shall be yours. We shall cleanse ourselves in the crimson waters of our enemy. We shall bring the ecstasy of quick release to those who stand before us. We shall give bloody praise to the Lord of Pleasure and sing his name as we dance across the fallen. Follow me, my Children, and you shall taste the undreamt joys that lie beyond the bounds of mortal sense.
Each of the Legions has now nominated aspirants seeking to throw themselves upon our mercy in the vain hope that we may deem them worthy to join our ranks. Those loyal to the shrunken corpse on Terra still cling to their own processes by which perhaps one in a hundred neophytes may survive to become a battle brother. The methods I have developed over the last millennia are more stringent, for we must be pure in our hatred and hard of heart, body and soul. Fewer than one in every thousand survive, and I strive each day to lengthen these odds still further.
The Dark Gods and their slaves have nothing to offer me now, but I have far more to offer them
Great art so often fails to find an audience with the intellect to appreciate it. Sometimes I am filled with woe to think that no one in this blighted millennium has the wit to see the scope of my brilliance.
Unlike you, whelp, I once walked the same ground as your idol. I breathed the same air as him. And I tell you this, without lie or artifice. He never wanted to become what you have made him! He did not wish to be your god-thing. He abhorred such ideals! The slavery of your crippled, blind Imperium would sicken him, if he had eyes to see it.
The lesson is this. The only real crime for those of superlative intellect and great prowess is to allow one's self to become shackled by mediocrity. The crime is to let your grasp be less than your reach. To aim low.
Though the gates that stand between the mortal world and the immortal Realm of Chaos are now closed to me, still I would rather die having glimpsed eternity than never to have stirred from the cold furrow of mortal life. I embrace death without regret as I have embraced life without fear.
Sanity is for the weak!
WE ARE THE DESTROYER!
We're back, and better than ever!
What the thick headed fools with their broken corpse of an Emperor fail to understand is that not only can they never defeat us, but they can not hide or flee or shield themselves from the triumph of Chaos. They are finite and we are unbound, undivided. They must not err, or they fall to heresy. All who fall join our cause. Every Imperial fool who dares to open his eyes is a willing recruit. They strive merely to hold back our fury and might, and it consumes them. Thus you can see Chaos is inevitable. We lurk not only beyond their grasp and at their gates; we lurk within the darkness of their souls, on the tip of their tongues, in their tortured dreams. We are them, but freed from the shackles of ignorance. We are them, grown strong… evolved. We are them, but so much more!
Like the great storm of the Horus Heresy, the forces of the True Gods will descend upon the Emperor's minions. The stars will tremble at their passage and the mighty armadas of the Warmaster Abaddon will bring annihilation to a hundred worlds. Know this, for these things will come to pass.
By the Worm Eye that bleeds in all the dark places, by the wound that never heals... I summon you, Bloodthirster, from the darkest depths of the Warp!
Yes! Let the blood flow! I and I alone, will be Khorne's chosen... his favoured acolyte and prime among his champions. And on that day when the Titan is mine, you will all worship me as you do the Gods! Once the Titan is mine, I will crush entire suns in the palm of my hand. I will stride down the halls of the Heathen Emperor and I will grind him and the Golden Throne of Terra between my iron fingers! More! More blood for the Blood God!
Know this! What will come to pass is no longer war! It is endless sacrifice in His name. Blood for the Blood God... let the universe drown in it!
Your presence does not surprise me Assassin. I have known of you since your craft entered the Eastern Fringes. Why did I not have you killed? Because your mission and the act you are about to commit proves the truth of all I have ever said or done. I merely punished those who had wronged, just as your false Emperor now seeks to punish me. Death is nothing compared to vindication.
Chaos cannot be turned against Chaos, proud Relictor. You are less a heretic than an imbecile if you believe that. The Dark Powers know your desire to use their sacrilegious tools; they exploit and manipulate it for their own ends - even in the loyal subjects of the Imperium.
If my time in the Black Library taught me anything it was - rather controversially - that Chaos is already very much part of us. It deals in the currency of mortal souls and feeds off states and emotions that are in essence natural. Without us there would be no Chaos. Good and evil? Right and wrong? These are binary oppositions that the inhabitants of this galaxy use to comfort and define themselves. I'm afraid much of the God-Emperor's work is done in the grey area in between.
Hear my warnings, unbelievers. Carried to your minds by the power of the Prince of Excess himself. We have raised altars in this land so that we may sacrifice you to our gods. Veterans of ten millennia of unholy war wait to grind you beneath the treads of their mighty boots. The chosen of Khorne hunger to add you to their bloody tally. The Blood God himself has marked this land, and will claim your skulls for his throne. There is no hope in opposing the inevitable. Put down your arms, unbelievers, and bow before the forces of Chaos Undivided. 
What is Chaos? Suffering, you might say. Oppression. Deceit. But could not all these things be said of your Imperium? You hunt down the talented and the strong-willed. You break them or sacrifice them. You lie to your citizens and wage war on those who dare speak out. The inquisitors you call masters assume guilt and execute millions on a whim. And why? Why do you do this? Because you know Chaos is there but you do not know how to fight it, so you crush your own citizens for fear that they might aid the Enemy. The Imperium suffers because of Chaos. No matter how hard you fight, that will never change. Chaos exists in a state of permanent victory over you - you dance to our tune, mortal one, you butcher and torture and repress one another because the gods of the warp require you to. The Imperium is founded on Chaos. My lord Tzeentch won your war a long, long time ago.
You have caused us great discomfort, little flea... And I feel inclined to scratch.
Cast down the idols! Destroy the temples! Slay the priests! Show these fools that they worship nothing more than a rotting corpse!
In the embrace of the great Nurgle, I am no longer afraid, for with His pestilential favour I have become that which I once most feared: Death.
That's what you don't understand about me, Vaanes. I don't care. I do what I want because it is who I am. Anything else is a lie and if there is one thing I can say of myself, it is that I will never compromise who I am. Not for the powers of the warp, not for the M'kar and certainly not for you. When death is a heartbeat away, I am truly alive. That's the only way I know how to live. What else is there?
Beyond that opening are my enemies. Behind me are warriors who would happily turn their weapons on me if they thought they could get away with it. Do you really think I'm doing this to try and impress anyone? I know who I am, and I don't give a greenskin's fart what anyone thinks of me.
The creatures of the Warp are just "aliens" too, but they are not life forms as we understand the term. They are not organic. They are extra-dimensional, and they influence our reality in ways that seem sorcerous to us. Supernatural, if you will. So let's use all those lost words for them... daemons, spirits, possessors, changelings. All we need to remember is that there are no gods out there, in the darkness, no great daemons and ministers of evil. There is no fundamental, immutable evil in the cosmos. It is too large and sterile for such melodrama. There are simply inhuman things that oppose us, things we were created to battle and destroy.
The day will not save them. And we own the night.
Let the Galaxy burn.
When the traitor's hand strikes, it strikes with the strength of a legion.
The strong are strongest alone.
Though my guards may sleep and ships may rest at anchor, our foes know full well that big guns never tire.
The Imperium is a weak old man, ready and waiting to be broken apart by his vengeful sons.
We fight the long war, not through vain notions of duty and honour, but through a far purer purpose: hatred. At the height of our glory we were betrayed and cast out by our kin. Guilliman, Dorn, Sanguinius - these are names I curse. Horus, Perturabo, Angron - these are names I revere, names I would follow to the very end. It is this hatred that has sustained me through the long millennia. I tend it with bitterness. I nurture it with the deaths of my former brothers. For I know that when the end is upon us and Horus is returned, then the false emperor shall be cast down from his sepulchral Golden Throne, and we shall take our rightful place at the side of Horus, the true Emperor of Mankind.
I salute you! For though our path has been long and bloody, you have served our Lord with unflinching courage and the honour of true warriors. We have seen many fall today and must remember, even as we die, that our blood too is welcome...
We burn their bastions and shatter their defence lines! We shall teach them to defy the will of the Tyrant!
Do not ask which creature screams in the night Do not ask which creature screams in the night, Do not question who waits for you in the shadow. It is my cry that wakes you in the night, And my body that crouches in the shadow. 
I am Tzeentch and you are the puppet That dances to my tune.
Flesh and bone are weak and mutable, and yet the daemonic is ultimately insubstantial and impotent. To be master of both matter and energy, and blend this mastery with ultimate control of one's consciousness, is to achieve true immortality - neither confined by the material, nor divorced from it.
No. No! Not the sarcophagus... Khorne damn you, you disloyal curs, just kill me. JUST KILL ME!
Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn!
Dogma is like tough meat. It is best well-chewed.
The revelation of spirit when encountering the power of Chaos is as freeing for the machine as it is for the mortal mind. It is our duty to create this blessed state of union.
The difference between gods and daemons largely depends upon where one is standing at the time.
It's called treachery, Roboute. It works very well.
Roboute... let the galaxy burn.
Brothers! Welcome to the feast! Tell me, which among you will be the first course?
The minds of gods are not for mortals to know or to judge. Accept that Tzeentch has a place for all of us in his grand scheme, and be happy in the part you have to play.
Do you remember what you said to me, brother? Do you remember what you said to me as we fought before the Pyramid of Photep? Do you remember the words you used? I do. As I recall, your face was tortured. Imagine that - the Master of the Wolves, his ferocity twisted into grief. And yet you still carried out your duty. You always did what was asked of you. So loyal. So tenacious. Truly you were the attack dog of the Emperor. You took no pleasure in what you did. I knew that then, and I know it now. But all things change, my brother. I'm not the same as I was, and you're... well, let us not mention where you are now.
The inferno of my vengeance fills you! It will burn you, my bearers of the holy word, it will fill your veins with power and fire until Ultramar is in ashes. As my power flows in you, so too will I see what you see, feel what you feel and know what you know. With each death I will grow stronger. With every fortress burned my reach will stretch further. You will be my army of dark righteousness. You will be the Bloodborn and your name shall strike terror into the hearts of men! Spread throughout Ultramar and take my fire to the Ultramarines! Burn them from their fastnesses until no trace remains. This is my holy word! - 854999.M41
All power demands sacrifice... and pain. The universe rewards those willing to spill their life's blood for the promise of power.
Without him I would not exist. Without his genetics I would have been one of the Unfleshed, an aborted monstrosity left to die on Medrengard. Sounds like you should be grateful to him. Grateful? My life is fragments. I am the broken shards of two people and I live in pain with every moment that passes. Grateful? No, Ventris cursed me to the agony of a life I didn't ask for. He made me what I am and there is not enough pain in the world for what he will suffer in return. That's my boy.
Let us play hide and slay!
We're so loud you wanna die Go forth and amplify Here come the Noise Marines
It is the fate of the weak to die unknown, and the destiny of the strong to rule for eternity. Give me glory, or give me death!
For years I have despised Lorgar... look at your primarch, Honorius. So singular in aspect. So noble. I have envied you, envied the Imperial Fists, the Luna Wolves, the Iron Hands. And I am not alone. We struggle with a mercurial mind, Honorius. We labour under the burden of a brilliant but fallible commander. We no longer bear the word, my friend. We bear Lorgar.
Throne, don't they ever stop? I must have killed a hundred or more of the damned things." You probably keep killing the same one. If you don't destroy the head, they get back up again.
I shall reap a terrible bounty from the death that I sow in your name, Father Nurgle...
Take care, lest your protests grow tiresome. I have asked for so little! Anyone would think that I have asked you to sacrifice yourselves and your sons! And yet, in Slaanesh's boundless and pleasing mercy, I have asked only for your daughters. Surely you would not deny me my small enjoyments?
There, feel the glory of necrosis, and rejoice! Nurgle loves you!
Well, that was unexpected... That was unexpected, wasn't it
I murdered thousands for the Emperor and he gave me nothing except his damning silence. Now his lapdogs yap for every life I take, while the gods promise me the galaxy.
"Attack" is the only order worth remembering.
This is our galaxy. Ours to corrupt. Ours to enslave. The gods will not be denied their prize.
Their baying chills the heart and spreads icy tendrils of fear through weak mortal souls. And yet worse, yet more terrible to behold, are the huntsmen of this fell pack. Following close upon the Hounds, urging them ever forward, come deformed shapes, running and shrieking, driven by the insatiable blood-hunger of their kind. With twisted crimson bodies they stride across the blighted land, crouched over as if the better to track their prey's terror. Masters of the hunt, they seek the blood of Man to spill at the foot of their master's Skull Throne.
The common man is like a worm in the gut of a corpse, trapped inside a prison of cold flesh, helpless and uncaring, unaware even of the inevitability of its own doom.
Don't blame me for what I’ve done. I watched my wife and daughters die before me. It was death or embracing Chaos, and I knew that through Chaos, I might live. Live! It is life that matters and what I have learned is that Chaos IS life, for life is change and destruction and new forms, new mutations ever manifesting. We clung to the Emperor, a dying effigy, because He was all we knew. We feared life. We feared our own potential strength. The Imperium is dying. A slow death, but it’s dying. I did what I had to, that’s all. I opened my eyes and saw what a fool all of us were, bowing to a half-dead failure slumped on a throne. Haha! The blasphemy still sends shivers down my spine. It is the freshness of life. I am given to Chaos now. Now I truly live!
Death to the false Emperor!
Burn the body; sear the soul
Impurity shall be our armour Hate shall be our weapon Immortality shall be our reward
Destroy, for the sake of Destruction Kill, for the sake of Killing
Let no good deed go unpunished. Let no evil deed go unrewarded.
Shackle the soul and forge the flesh. Bind the machine and butcher the rest.
Stand forth, Servant. The Sword you carry has been smelted in the heat of your anger, forged upon your desire, tempered in your hate, quenched in your soul, polished with your loyalty, furnished with your bones and skin, tested in your hand, and borne in my name. You Slave, are mine, as much as the Blade...
Woe to he who hears the word of the Infernal Denizen of the Great Abyss, for his soul shall be tainted for all eternity. Better to die in eternal ignorance than to burn in the eternal fire.



