Trust not in their appearance, for the Eldar are as alien to good, honest men as the vile Tyranids and savage Orks. There is no understanding them for there is nothing to understand - they are a random force in the universe.
Only when you have soared through the morning skies on wings of flame can you understand the Hawk. Only when you have fallen screaming upon those who know they are already dead can you understand the Banshee. Only when you have annihilated those who would oppose you can you truly understand the power of the Dragon. And only one who has travelled but ultimately turned away from each of these paths can understand the Autarch.
Every moment of anger, hate, deceit, pain, suffering, pleasure, and desire is mirrored in the power of Chaos. When its legions march, they march to return upon us a ruin that is of our own making.
Attack swiftly, and without warning. This is the mantra of the Striking Scorpions – it is the way of all our kind.
Behold, the fiery destroyer of worlds.
I walk again, a god among mere mortals.
I have seen the future, and it is death.
May the winds of fate guide my sword.
We have made battle in this place before. We have fought and won. Fought because we knew that we must. We won, and brought upon ourselves glory that will not fade as long as Ulthwé thrives. Now we are called to battle again. Must we perform a duty which we have already accomplished? If we fight and fail, are our former victories tarnished?
We are like echoes in a cave, or waves upon the water: performing our part every time we are called. We who have glimpsed into the flow of time see that it is exactly such vast confluence, paths crossed and re-crossed. All are swept along. And we Eldar, masters of hindsight, insight, and foresight are bound that much more tightly to our duty than the ignorant, the belligerent, the blind.
When one truly understands fate as it is, myriad branching paths, then one can truly see that duty is cleaving to a particular fate, and glory is the accomplishment of duty’s ends. When we are true to the nature of the Eldar, we cannot fail.
They shall come, expecting the obvious, the simple, the artless. They shall stab at the shadows with confused minds and troubled hearts. Meanwhile, we shall appear unseen from ten directions, and from every one strike a fatal blow.
The mind of the Farseer is utterly inhuman in its depth and complexity. Without mercy or moral feeling, his consciousness stands upon the edge of spiritual destruction. That he does not fall must be a result of constraints and balances that only an Eldar could understand. To a mere Human it is yet another reminder that we are but children in comparison to that ancient and powerful race.
The first thing one must learn about the Eldar is that they are a race of fragments, broken and scattered across the galaxy. In culture, geography and technology, the disparate elements of the Eldar race vary wildly. Even within a single sub-race (the so-called kindreds of the Craftworld Eldar, Exodites, 'Dark' Eldar and the mysterious Harlequins) there is great diversity of tradition and attitude
A craftworld is sentient being , with a hundred thousand minds.
Ask not the Eldar a question, for they will give you three answers, all of which are true and terrifying to know.
Against the Great Enemy the Eldar have no hope of victory. They hang on to existence, yet their grip upon the universe is slipping, their hold becomes more precarious with every passing year.
Though I have seen within the Black Library and spoken to its most terrible guardian, I can never reveal what happened there; not to any man nor even the Emperor himself for I am so forsworn to powers beyond your knowledge. I can only say that a time of inconceivable horror is about to begin. A time when mankind with all the might of the Imperium cannot endure when the strength of the Eldar fails. Even now, our doom stalks us across the stars.
No barrier, no enemy will thwart my purpose. This night I bring him the dream of death!
There is no corner of the galaxy that has not felt the eagle-keen gaze of Alaitoc.
The gaze of Alaitoc sees all, there will be no escape for you.
What do Humans know of our pain? We have sung songs of lament since before your ancestors crawled on their bellies from the sea.
He who sees his own doom can better avoid its path. He who sees the doom of others can deliver it.
All the stars in the sky cannot blot out the hateful glare of the red moon's eye. The birthing place of the Great Enemy pulses with all the malice of a daemon that is dreaming, casting its shadow over all we have ever done and all we ever shall.
When there is no other way, the perilous path is the only road to salvation.
Since the time of The Fall, our race has been haunted by what we, in our reckless pursuit of hedonistic indulgence, gave birth to. Though our dreams once overturned worlds and quenched suns, we are now but fitful shadows clinging to the edge of existence. All the stars in the sky cannot blot out the hateful glare of the Red Moon's Eye. The birthing place of The Great Enemy pulses with all the malice of a daemon that is dreaming, casting its shadow over all we have ever done and all we ever shall. Every twisted strand of Fate and casting of the Runes leads me to this time, to this place, and it is clear that the final battle awaits me at the ancient Crone Worlds. A conflict the likes of which has not been seen since the Mon-keigh warred amongst themselves, and their corpse of a seer fell to his traitorous son, is coming and all my steps lead towards it, no matter that I walk other paths. I see the stars stained red with the blood of the Mon-Keigh and, though their wars do not concern me and I would gladly let them destroy one another, I know that to avoid this fight is to condemn my race to inevitable doom. And though all I see is darkness, I know that I will not flinch from my destiny.
Perfidious Eldar! These aliens had the stars in their grasp and now are left to sift the dust of their once fabulous realm. For all their intellect and mysticism they could not contain the beast within them, nor tame the wild monsters of the Shadow. Why should we pay them any heed?
The wind whipping across your face as your blades whip across the throats of the foe. It makes the blood sing.
Trust not in their appearance, for the Eldar are as alien to good, honest men as the vile Tyranids and savage Orks. There is no understanding them for there is nothing to understand - they are a random force in the universe.
The portents are good, the Warp flows strong and pure here. Our sorcery will undo the foul slaves of the dark powers.
My only remaining pleasure is to bring death to the enemies of my Craft World.
The universe is tripatite: the sunlight of the material plane, the darkness of the spirit plane, and the twilight of the spaces betwixt the two.
I bring only death and leave only corpses.
Gather the dead for war, let them join our ranks, lest we are forced to join theirs.
The young do not desire the discipline of the Path, but rather their curiosity drives them to try every fruit from the tree. Thus it is that so many take the Path of Wandering or the Path of Damnation in their first years of adulthood, and so the great tragedy of our kind is played out again and again as the number of our people shrink from generation to generation.
There is no art more beautiful and diverse as the art of death.
Eradicate them all, we can no longer tolerate their filthy presence here.
Make no mistake, Human. We do not fight for your Emperor. We fight against Horus.
Let not the fear of death stay your hand nor defeat your courage. The warrior who will prevail is the one who conquers death, who becomes one with death as we have.
War is my master; Death my mistress.
There’s only one true path in life – the path that leads to war.
The stars themselves once lived and died at our command, yet you still dare to oppose our will.
Feel the rush of the wind against your skin and hear her keening cry in your ears. Listen to her call well, for are we not the Wild Riders, the children of the storm?
The time for using the knife to remove this cancer is long gone. Bring forth the torch.
It is too easy for an Eldar to embrace the obscene virtues of Chaos, for Slaanesh is nothing more than a manifestation of the Eldar mind in its most wild and unconstrained form. Human morality is meaningless to the Eldar, and to the dark side of the Eldar mind all live is to be expended at a whim. Cruelty and generosity are but the impulse of a moment. Beauty and sensuality are virtues that can be expressed in bloodshed just as easily as in song. To an unfettered Eldar mind there is neither sanity nor madness, but merely a wave of perfect existence fulfilled by its own savage momentum.
We bring only death, and leave only carrion. It is a message even a Human can understand.
I hear the song of the celestial heavens, and the music is cacophonous. It is strange but I find comfort in its dissonance. Righting the discord of the universal opus is what’s given my people purpose when, by all rights we as a race should have collapsed in upon ourselves. It is in such moments when species find their greatness or settle back into the muck that spawned them... For myself I have purpose if only to correct one particular stray note in a symphony ran amok. Win or lose, this battle is already my victory, my triumph. It is now fate which decides whether I am there to celebrate that fact or not.
There is still time to change the course of history.
... and the Engines of Vaul will smite them, and bring fire upon them, and in agony they will depart this realm, their souls screaming into the black void that awaits their pitiful race. And with their banishment there will be peace in this place, and we will be one step further along the road we must tread...
The dead must join our ranks, lest we be forced to join theirs.
We may have won the battle, but our ancestors have lost their souls. 
Death eases the spirit.