All of the worlds of the Imperium shall look to their own defense. They shall also look to the defense of the Imperium, and the prosecution of such wars as the Emperor in His wisdom shall decree.
Therefore, each populated planet shall raise and maintain its own planetary defense force, and from the ranks of this defense force it shall provide the best of its troops for recruitment into the Imperial Guard, according to such requirements as shall be imposed by the Administratum.
Statistically, you will almost certainly die when assaulting a well-maintained fortress with a competent commander. You must strive to make your death useful.
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Victory is achieved through mettle. Glory is achieved through metal.
Be swift and silent - as the breeze that crosses the dunes without stirring a grain of sand.
They died doing what they loved, that's all that matters. 
If you want a textbook example of righteous hatred, you need look no further than Commissar Yarrick. In him we see a man who justly despises his foes, and they in turn loath him.
Fifth Company, this is the moment of truth. You will not fear. You will not falter. You will not give a single step to the enemy. 
Enemies of the Imperium, hear me. You have come here to die. The Immortal Emperor is with us and we are invincible. His soldiers will strike you down. His war machines will crush you under their treads. His mighty guns will bring the very sky crashing down upon you. You cannot win. The Emperor has given us his greatest weapon to wield. So make yourselves ready. We are the First Kronus Regiment, and today is our Victory Day. 
When the people forget their duty they are no longer human and become something less than beasts. They have no place in the bosom of humanity nor in the heart of the Emperor. Let them die and be forgotten.
A good soldier obeys without question. A good officer commands without doubt.
Blessed is the mind too small for doubt.
I left my homeworld the night it died, and I've been fighting for its memory ever since. We Tanith are a dying breed. There are only about twenty hundred of us left. Gaunt only got away with enough for one regiment. The Tanith First. The First-and-Only. That's what makes us 'Ghosts', you see. The last few unquiet souls of a dead world. And I suppose we'll keep going until we're all done.
Sorry. I prefer blondes.
I thought the acolytes of Khorne were supposed to be warriors, not a bunch of pansies. 
The noncom in charge of the squad must have been on something, I thought. Nobody spoke like that outside badly-written combat novels.
Frak this, for my faith is a shield proof against your blandishments!
Frak this! My soul's my own and I'm keeping it!
Well then, I seem to recall a rather pleasant little restaurant not far from here. Care to see if it's still standing? 
As I try to impress on the young whelps in my charge these days, it isn't the scarlet sash and the fancy hat that makes you a commissar, it's the way you wear them. The troops you serve with are never going to like you, but if you can get them to respect you that can be almost as good. Remember, you're going to spend most of your career on a battlefield with them, and they've all got guns, so making them think you're a liability is never going to be a very good idea.
I've come across a number of planetary governors in the course of my erratic progress around the galaxy and, on the whole, the ones who weren't incompetent were either corrupt, insane, or both; on at least one occasion sufficiently so to have mortgaged their soul and the world they administered to the forces of the Ruinous Powers.
I'd faced the servants of the Great Enemy more often than I cared to contemplate, and in my experience it was never wise to underestimate them. Particularly a ten thousand year old madman, who'd been marinating himself in the raw stuff of Chaos for most of that time.
Who are you? I'm your Aunt Tona. I don't have an aunt. You do now.
What do I ask of my officers? Merely that they do their duty with fire in their bellies and a prayer on their lips.
Although all documents surrounding the final fate of the original Mordant 13th - the “Lucky 13s” - have been sealed by order of the Inquisition, I, on behalf of the Cadian High Command, order another regiment to be mustered and given the name “The Mordant 13th”. The psyker cadre that advises my High Command have divined, through the Emperor’s Tarot, that just such a regiment will be able to protect the Imperium from all of its foes. It is with all haste that this regiment be raised and trained. We need these men to be hardened fighters in the service of the Emperor before the year is out.
Though our tanks and artillery are mighty, it is the vast ranks of Imperial Guardsmen that shall trample the enemy to dust - let them come.
Children you call them? They can pull a trigger just as well as veterans, and they have the spirit of a bull narthax. Call them children if you wish - I call them troops.
The Valhallans hate the cold as much as the rest of us, they're just taught that carpin' on about it gets the Commissars all riled...
Da Sergeant Major asked me what my job was an' I said it was to, uh, do what I was told. He said I was a genius and gave me another medal. I likes da Imperial Guard!
I have at my command an entire battle group of the Imperial Guard. Fifty regiments, including specialized drop troops, stealthers, mechanized formations, armored companies, combat engineers and mobile artillery. Over half a million fighting men and thirty thousand tanks and artillery pieces are mine to command. Emperor show mercy to the fool that stands against me, for I shall not.
I hate this planet.
It remains a sad truth of the Imperium that virtually no veteran ever comes back from fighting its wars intact. Combat alone shreds nerves and shatters bodies. But the horrors of the warp, and of foul xenos forms like the tyranid, steal sanity forever, and leave veterans fearing the shadows, and the night and, sometimes, the nature of their friends and neighbours, for the rest of their lives.
Ogryns. If we time it just right, the Eldar will all be going "What the..." just when what's left of the Company breaks cover over here and piles into them. No spreading out, no fancy stuff, just smash through. Let's see how those degenerate sophisticates handle a healthy dose of pure unreasoning violence.
Give me a gun, a google-eyed alien to shoot it at, and I’ll die a happy man.
Gentlemen, today we will cover unique fire support options available to commanders of most Imperial Guard and Adeptus Mechanicus forces, primarily from Imperial Cruise Missile. These deadly weapons are unique in their long range, accuracy, and wide variety of warhead choices. It is the warhead choices that make these weapons truly unique. For Imperial Cruise Missile are one of the few in which commanders can tailor to meet their combat needs. Whether that need be creating battlefield obstacles, providing cover for your advancing troops, or smashing any enemy war engine to bits. Gentlemen, you must, however, analyze your mission and the enemy wisely before you make any warhead decisions. For once the warheads are mated to their missile airframes you will likely be stuck with them for the duration of an entire operation.
Titans? They're just like anything else. The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
Men of Tanith! Do you want to live forever?
I am a Commissar. I am empowered to deliver justice wher ever I see it lacking. I am empowered to punish cowardice. I am granted the gift of total authority to judge, in the name of the Emperor, on the field of combat.
I don't pretend to understand the technology, but I know that's an intact Standard Template weapons maker. And I know that's as unheard of as a well-manicured ork.
Give any man the power of a god, and you better hope he's got the wisdom and morals of a god to match. There's nothing feeble about my moral line. I value life. That is why I fight to protect it. I mourn every man I lose and every sacrifice I make. One life or a billion, they're all lives.
Pain is temporary, Honour is forever
As the Emperor protects, so must we.
"Hold Fast!" "They're killing us!" "So kill them back!"
I have a reputation, Modile, a reputation as a fair, honest man who treats his soldiers well and supports them in the face of darkness. Potentially, that reputation makes me soft. It seems I understand failure and forgive it. Some, like Kowle, believe me to be a weak commissar, not prepared to take the action my rank demands. Not prepared to enforce field discipline where I see it failing. I am an Imperial commissar. I will enflame the weak, support the wavering, guide the lost. I will be all things to all men who need me. But I will also punish without hesitation the incompetent, the cowardly, and the treasonous.
Choose, for courtesy's sake, summary execution or a firing squad of your own men.
If you will not serve in combat, then you will serve on the firing line.
Beastman bad. Bad Beastman. Dirty. Emperor no like. Beastman love Emperor. Give blood to Emperor. Give heads to Emperor. Say sorry.
I have seen war in all its forms. I have seen feral world savages braining each other with stones, and I have monitored the death of a whole planet at the hands of a virus bomb. I have seen Space Marines drop to certain death, and win. I have seen Titans crush whole platoons underfoot. But there is no more stirring sight in war than the charge of massed cavalry.
No problem. We showed them skinny Eldar. Come on lads, says I, we're gonna go over there and bury them in their own holes, no worries. There was no worries about cover, 'cos there wasn't any cover. No worries about timing, 'cos us lads were first in. Easy as breakfast.
You've just been volunteered for the Last Chancers. For your crimes against the Emperor and humanity you will spend your life in this, the XIII Penal Legion, until such time as you receive the Emperor's Absolution from the Colonel or the Emperor himself. And of course the only way you can receive the Emperor's personal absolution is when you're dead...
When you decide to die, remember to give your enemy the same honour.
Target and deny! By our deaths shall they know us!
Let's give them hell, men.
I've fought in this endless hateful war for eight months now, night and day. In that time I've aged a decade. My hair has turned grey, nearly all my squad have died, and I doubt I'll ever smile again. I've fought next to heroes and strangled men in their sleep. But I'm still alive and by the Emperor I plan to stay that way.
So here I am, in a lose-lose position. Stay here and die at the hands of alien heretics - or throw in my lot with two superhuman psychopaths with a death wish!
One hammer blow will be all it takes. Place the men on alert, summon the reserves! We crush them here and now, for the Emperor!
Back home, I once fancied me a pair of Catachan Devil boots. Killed me half a dozen of the great ugly critters but never found a single one that wore any!
Been on a death world once. That was a bit like home. Most places are better, though. And there's regular rations. We get more if the Emperor's really pleased with us.
Stupid dumb Orks, don’t they know they’re on our territory now? Kyraxian Death-jungle? Feels just like home to me!
Ugh! What happened to these guys! Looks like they've been sliced and diced.
Marching through this green hellhole, getting slowly eaten by flies, drowning in our own sweat and choking on sulfur fumes? I can’t see why that’s not a good idea.
Of course they’d come to Mordant for the saviors of the galaxy! We’re the hardest gakking troopers you’ll find in all the Segmentums! I’m proud to lead these warriors of the Emperor where ever he needs us to fight. We’ll stand fast against the myriad of foes that batter at the gates of the Imperium. I’ve scoured the mines and shanty-towns for the fiercest low-lives I could find. As I speak to you now, my men are already suffering through the most rigorous boot camp you could imagine. No soldier of the Lucky 13s will be grist for the mill.
It is not enough that I achieve victory - my enemy must suffer total defeat. It is not enough that I kill - all my foes must die. It is not enough that I succeed - all others must fail!
I don’t know what effect they have on the enemy, but by the Emperor, they frighten me.
Trust? Trust’s got nothing to do with it. I just don’t want them out of my sight.
I don't care how bloody sanctioned they are, a psyker's a psyker, and anything to do with the warp is more trouble than it's worth.
We hit ‘em so hard half of them were still squatting on their latrines. Ain’t nothing in the galaxy that brings victory half as sure as killing the enemy before he knows he’s in a fight.
How many did you lose coming here? Troops? Family. I didn't have any to lose. I don't know which of us is luckier. Neither one, commissar. And that's the tragedy.
We're the Death Korps of Krieg, son. Did you think that was just a pretty name? We never retreat. We fight and we die, that's the Krieg way.
Weep for him - for his faith was not sufficient.
Rejoice for yourselves, for my faith is bottomless!
Forward, for the Emperor!
And from the deeps there arose a mighty beast, of many eyes and many limbs. And the beast from the darkness did set upon the light of mankind with hateful thirst and unnatural hunger.
And the bounties of the Emperor shall go to those who have worked hard in his service.
And the Emperor’s thanks for those who have been bountiful in their gifts would be eternal.
And Saint Phistinius went unto the enemy unarmed and unarmoured.
And the heretic priests of Eidoline came forth, bringing false images for the praise of the lost people.
Unto death I shall serve him. Unto life again shall he serve the Emperor.
There are bounties and treasures aplenty for those of the true faith.
There was rejoicing upon the Square of the Evernight, for the darkness had passed and the light had returned.
There was a great light, and all around was the beauty of the Emperor.
And there shall be space in the Emperor’s heart for all true believers.
And they smote the enemies of the Emperor with a righteous fury, for they knew they were doing His work.
We ride like the wind, my brothers – victory depends on it.
No, he was not a saint. He was a man. A very great man, and in many ways a very wicked one.
Show me men who know how to fight! Follow me to the morgue, sir, and I'll show you plenty.
With this act we have richly denied the Darkness and made trophies of its creatures. A dark lord is dead. So, this holy crusade, blessed by the Emperor, is advanced with glory.
What is the strongest weapon of mankind? The god-machines of the Adeptus Mechanicus? No! The Astartes Legions? No! The tank? The lasgun? The fist? Not at all! Courage and courage alone stands above them all!
Strike fast and suddenly. Attack without warning. Secure victory before the foe is aware of his danger. Remember always, a war is easily won if your enemy does not know he is fighting.
I give men dreams and men are led by their dreams.
What I cannot crush with words I will crush with the tanks of the Imperial Guard!
Peace? There cannot be peace in these times.
The meaning of victory is not to merely defeat your enemy but to destroy him, to completely eradicate him from living memory, to leave no remnant of his endeavours, to crush utterly his achievement and remove from all record his every trace of existence. From that defeat no enemy can ever recover. That is the meaning of victory.
Always endeavour to fight the enemy on your own terms. If you outnumber the foe use reserves to break through when the enemy's overstretched lines collapse. If you are outnumbered then concentrate your forces so that the enemy can fight only your best troops. If you are powerful at close quarters then engage in dense terrain where your advantage will prove greatest. If you are superior at long range then attack along an extended front. Remember always, however, that a commander who puts his faith in heavy weaponry will be easily outmaneuvered and a commander who relies on close combat without adequate support will lose his force to disciplined fire. No one has ever won a battle who failed to take advantage of his enemy's weakness, or take heed of his own.
Where the hell are those throne damned reinforcements? Get Kendrick on the vox. What do you
mean there’s no signal? What in hell’s going on here?
Doing the work of the Emperor is its own reward. But this is quite satisfying.
You can waste as many Imperial Guard lives as you care, that’s your stupidity and not my responsibility.
I'd check my instruments if I were you. No-one in his right mind would lay a minefield in a place like...
I had heard many rumours of the horrors of the mysterious Eldar. Of fire-clad daemons no weapons could harm. Of power-wreathed psykers who can tell your forture and forecast your doom. Of winged warriors falling from the sky like rain and tall guardian warriors powered by the spirits of the dead. None concerned me. None held any terror for a faithful servant of the Emperor with the might of the Imperial Guard at his command. Non save their aircraft. When fighting the Eldar, watch the skies...
Peace is not in my vocabulary.
They may spend every off-duty minute polishing their shiny boots and marching up and down the parade ground in perfect formation, but don't let that fool you. These men are steel-eyed, cold-blooded killers and I'd as soon have a platoon of them in my force as I would a company of other troops.
Winning is everything, but the trick is to know where the winning really is.... We're political animals, Ibram. Through us, if we do our job properly, the black and white of war is tempered. We are the interpreters of combat, the translators. We give meaning to war, subtlety, purpose even. Killing is the most abhorrent, mindless profession known to man. Our role is to fashion the killing machine of the human species into a positive force. For the Emperor's sake. For the sake of our own consciences.
The first trick a political officer of the Commissariat learns is: learn to lie. The second is: trust no one. The third: never get involved with local politics.
Always, always lead from the front. Never expect a man under your command to undertake an action you're not prepared to make yourself.
As swift as a lash mamba, as sharp as a sineleaf, as stubborn as a wild grox.
Target sighted! Red Corsairs Predator left of the bunker. See the repair seam on the turret? Steady. Fire! Good shot. Driver, AT mines, steer left now. Gunner! Enemy infantry in crater, eleven o'clock. High explosive, fire! Sponson gunners keep an eye out, there's plenty more where they came from...
We hold them here or we fight them on the hallowed ground of Terra itself. I for one would rather see a million human lives lost here than allow a single Ork to set foot on Earth.
Your foe is well equipped, well-trained, battle-hardened. He believes his gods are on his side. Let him believe what he will. We have the tanks on ours.
Codicier Pryke raised the point that a significant credit value was attached to this installation, and that its destruction would result in a 0.017 per cent fluctuation in the mean commerce averages of the sector. She went on to suggest that an alternative strategy should be found. Colonel Kasteen said she was welcome to go outside and ask the orks to go away if she thought that would help.
Gaunt? He’s a despicable bastard who left my world to die and one day I will slay him with my own hands.
A friend of death, a brother of luck and a son of a bitch.
I've never liked you, Gaunt. I know. But I've always respected you. Solid. Professional. A warrior who works to a code. Sure, because of that code Tanith burned, but you stuck by it no matter what anyone else thought. A man of honour.
I hate last stands, there's never time to practise them.
We've run into scorpions the size of battle tanks, three men died from Eyerot last week. I've sweat enough to fill a lake, my boots got sucked into a sink-swamp and the trees are so thick in places, you can't squeeze between them. Emperor help me, I love this place! It's just like home!
Sir, will do. I've never liked that particular title. It seems to foster unhealthy ambitions.
They’re sending us where? The want us to fight who? Well, I guess the Emperor knows what he’s doing, because those bureaucrats in the Administratum sure as gak don’t!
You're all here because you are traitors to Mankind and the Immortal Emperor. You are here because you have failed in your sworn duty to protect his domains and subjects, and you have perverted his trust in you for your own misguided ends. You have sacrificed your part in securing the future of the whole of humanity for your own selfish gain. To kill you would be to accept that you can no longer save your immortal souls. If you were to be ushered into the Emperor's presence now, the scales would tip badly against you when the deeds of your life are weighed up by his Almighty Presence. This is why I give you a last chance to prove yourselves worthy of the Emperor's forgiveness. This is why you are here - to save yourselves from eternal damnation.
You will atone for your sins, and when you die you will thank me for allowing you to!
You are all here because you are scum. But you are the Emperor's scum. You have skills that are useful to our Immortal Lord and whether you wish it or no, they will be made use of.
Those we left behind were weak. To give in to alien domination is one of the greatest acts of treachery against the Emperor.
They have seen more death and ruin than another soldier sees in ten lifetimes.
I love the smell of promethium in the morning.
In war, best know what enemies are around you in your camp, before you step out to face the foe and wonder why you do so alone. 
Do not ask how you may give your life for the Emperor. Ask instead how you may give your death.
We have been given our crusade, my sons... the Sabbat Worlds!
The beati was a warrior. She exemplifies the Imperial creed, and the human spirit better than any figure in the annals. As a boy, she inspired me. I take this crusade as a personal matter, a duty greater than any I have yet undertaken for the Golden Throne. To repay her inspiration, to walk in her path and make free again the worlds she brought from darkness. I feel as if I am... a pilgrim, Ibram.
Every position must be held to the last man: there must be no retirement. With our backs to the wall, and believing in the justice of our cause, each one of us must fight on to the end.
Damn it, follow me. I'll show you how it's done.
Captain, the reason we've got these tracks is to get us into trouble faster. Now I suggest you mount up and move out. The enemy is that way, don't stop 'til you find him, and don't come back 'til you've beaten him.
The reinforcements were greatly appreciated... erm, have you got any more?
To each of us falls a task. And all the Emperor requires of us Guardsmen is that we stand in line, and we die fighting. It is what we do best: we die standing.
Although the Golden Throne of Terra orbits a distant star far from here, the Emperor's hand is on your shoulders today. You have fought and displayed bravery and loyalty far and above your calling as Guardsmen. You have faced the full brunt of an Ork Waaagh! as well as stared down the horrors of the Warp in the fallen Space Marines, and in that I am honoured to have led you.
"This is General Sturnn of the Cadian 412th Regiment Imperial Guard. Only fools believe that the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Still, the Eldar proved useful enough to bring my men into position, admittedly at cost to their own lives. They lay outside, being cut to the last as I speak. I cannot risk helping them. I will not trade the lives of my men for theirs."
"You will fail this day, General. Without our soulstone the battle will be lost. The Necrons will sweep over you and drink your life out from the hollow vessel of your corpse! Without us you face your doom."
"Eldar! The Cadian 412th have faced doom before. We bested it then and we will best it today! Die well!
Oh. Were there Tyranids on Corania? I guess I was just too busy with my needlepoint to notice!
For justice! For vengeance! For the Emperor!
The most dangerous thing on the battlefield is a junior officer with a compass and a map.
"I cry out for troops and you give me rhetoric - I plead for ammunition and you give me speeches - I ask you again, Commander, what can you pledge me?" "A heroic death, Captain."
Walls of stone do not a fortress make. But they're not a bad start.
When the Titan walks, only the dead have no fear. The brave warrior faces his fear and the Titan, and kills the enemies of the Great Brother-Warrior Horus. The Titan's steps shake the land beneath our feet, lightning is in its veins, and the sun is in its heart. The shadow of the Titan weighs upon our hearts, yet we fight against it. My knife and my gun-of-light will conquer, and the Titan's death scream will be my prayer, for my weapons shine with courage.
We shall wage this war with undaunted faith and courage. We shall not take one step back. This is the Emperor's world and we will not surrender it!
A small mind is easily filled with faith.
It is always better to find your enemy, before your enemy finds you.
Munitorium Swamp Warfare instructors may tell you the swamp is your friend. More Realistic instructors may claim it's just neutral. Let me tell you; the swamp is not neutral and it most certainly is not your friend. It's your enemy, and you'll soon learn to hate it.
All men need something to fight for, a cause to believe in. Tell them that the Emperor needs them to hold that ground at all costs, and they’ll fight like lions.
Does the God-Emperor sit much?
The Emperor protects... and dumps on us from a great height
What I remember most about the battle for Vogen was the confusion and the colossal scale of death. We fought like heroes, like each building that had even one Guardsman inside was a fortress against the enemy. Every soldier, fighting in a basement or under the stairs, stood his ground alone and accomplished the task on his own. Because in cityfighting a soldier has to be his own general. He needs to be given correct guidance and the trust of his officers. On Vogen we had neither and how we survived was a miracle.
“I don’t get it. How does a tank that big just disappear? What sorcery can do… Holy Throne! Heavy weapons, right flank, right flank! Fire now.”
Who told you to die? Keep fighting!
I have followed you too far to fail now Ghazghkull Thraka. I bear the gift of death. You cannot outrun me. There's no place in this universe where you can hide. I have waited a long time for vengeance. I'm tired but not so tired I cannot kill you. Maybe then I won't see the faces of the dead. Maybe then I'll be able to sleep.
The green tide of Orkdom is upon us and we are alone. There can be no mercy. No surrender. If we survive this day it will be a miracle.
He was an avalanche from an unexpected quarter. He was a thunderbolt from a clear sky.
There will be no retreat from Hades Hive. We will fight to the end.
It is the purest folly to believe that an individual can save Armageddon. Wars are not won by heroes, they are won by firepower and force, and the application of strategy and tactics.
We stand at a junction, with roads leading to both abject defeat and glorious victory. In order to choose the right path to follow we need first to look back along the road that has led us to this point...
Heroes of Armageddon! You have withstood the evil savagery of the Orks, and they have nothing left for you to fear. So raise high the black banners of vengeance - now is our time.
This planet is a hellhole, but it’ll be an Imperial hellhole when we’re through with it.
We draw the line here! Sergeants, pass the word out, we give no ground, we stand and we die in the name of the Emperor!
Competence on the battlefield is a myth. The side which screws up next to last wins, it's as simple as that.