Horus was weak. Horus was a fool. He had the whole galaxy within his grasp and he let it slip away.
I am the Arch-fiend, the Despoiler of Worlds, and by my hands shall the false Emperor fall.
The Emperor protects. Kill every last one.
And what are the achievements of your fragile Imperium? It is a corpse rotting slowly from within while maggots writhe in its belly. It was built with the toil of heroes and giants, and now it is inhabited by frightened weaklings to whom the glories of those times are half forgotten legends. I have forgotten nothing and my wisdom has expanded far beyond mere mortal frailties.
Please forgive me the horror we both know you will make me put you through.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.
If the path to salvation leads through the halls of purgatory, then so be it.
Discipline leads to Victory
It is Victory in War that brings Immortality Immortality is the Gift of Chaos In exchange, Chaos demands Blood Thus, Blood must be ever spilt Therefore, Eternal Life demands Eternal War Eternal War demands Eternal Discipline Chaos will always have Blood: Yours or Theirs
I am Alpharius. I am Alpharius. We are all Alpharius. We are Alpha Legion, and we are all one.
Do you hear the voices too?!!
Long shall be your suffering. Joyous be your pain.
Your shrines will burn, your streets run with blood, your false idols shattered, your people slaughtered by the thousands, your very planet torn apart… and the barest fraction of my hatred will be satisfied.
If a man dedicates his life to good deeds and the welfare of others, he will die unthanked and unremembered. If he exercises his genius bringing misery and death to billions, his name will echo through the millennia for a hundred lifetimes. Infamy is always more preferable to ignominy.
Follow me, my Children, and the glory of victory shall be yours. We shall cleanse ourselves in the crimson waters of our enemy. We shall bring the ecstasy of quick release to those who stand before us. We shall give bloody praise to the Lord of Pleasure and sing his name as we dance across the fallen. Follow me, my Children, and you shall taste the undreamt joys that lie beyond the bounds of mortal sense.
Each of the Legions has now nominated aspirants seeking to throw themselves upon our mercy in the vain hope that we may deem them worthy to join our ranks. Those loyal to the shrunken corpse on Terra still cling to their own processes by which perhaps one in a hundred neophytes may survive to become a battle brother. The methods I have developed over the last millennia are more stringent, for we must be pure in our hatred and hard of heart, body and soul. Fewer than one in every thousand survive, and I strive each day to lengthen these odds still further.
The Dark Gods and their slaves have nothing to offer me now, but I have far more to offer them
Great art so often fails to find an audience with the intellect to appreciate it. Sometimes I am filled with woe to think that no one in this blighted millennium has the wit to see the scope of my brilliance.
Unlike you, whelp, I once walked the same ground as your idol. I breathed the same air as him. And I tell you this, without lie or artifice. He never wanted to become what you have made him! He did not wish to be your god-thing. He abhorred such ideals! The slavery of your crippled, blind Imperium would sicken him, if he had eyes to see it.
The lesson is this. The only real crime for those of superlative intellect and great prowess is to allow one's self to become shackled by mediocrity. The crime is to let your grasp be less than your reach. To aim low.
Though the gates that stand between the mortal world and the immortal Realm of Chaos are now closed to me, still I would rather die having glimpsed eternity than never to have stirred from the cold furrow of mortal life. I embrace death without regret as I have embraced life without fear.
Sanity is for the weak!
WE ARE THE DESTROYER!
We're back, and better than ever!
What the thick headed fools with their broken corpse of an Emperor fail to understand is that not only can they never defeat us, but they can not hide or flee or shield themselves from the triumph of Chaos. They are finite and we are unbound, undivided. They must not err, or they fall to heresy. All who fall join our cause. Every Imperial fool who dares to open his eyes is a willing recruit. They strive merely to hold back our fury and might, and it consumes them. Thus you can see Chaos is inevitable. We lurk not only beyond their grasp and at their gates; we lurk within the darkness of their souls, on the tip of their tongues, in their tortured dreams. We are them, but freed from the shackles of ignorance. We are them, grown strong… evolved. We are them, but so much more!
Like the great storm of the Horus Heresy, the forces of the True Gods will descend upon the Emperor's minions. The stars will tremble at their passage and the mighty armadas of the Warmaster Abaddon will bring annihilation to a hundred worlds. Know this, for these things will come to pass.
By the Worm Eye that bleeds in all the dark places, by the wound that never heals... I summon you, Bloodthirster, from the darkest depths of the Warp!
Yes! Let the blood flow! I and I alone, will be Khorne's chosen... his favoured acolyte and prime among his champions. And on that day when the Titan is mine, you will all worship me as you do the Gods! Once the Titan is mine, I will crush entire suns in the palm of my hand. I will stride down the halls of the Heathen Emperor and I will grind him and the Golden Throne of Terra between my iron fingers! More! More blood for the Blood God!
Know this! What will come to pass is no longer war! It is endless sacrifice in His name. Blood for the Blood God... let the universe drown in it!
Your presence does not surprise me Assassin. I have known of you since your craft entered the Eastern Fringes. Why did I not have you killed? Because your mission and the act you are about to commit proves the truth of all I have ever said or done. I merely punished those who had wronged, just as your false Emperor now seeks to punish me. Death is nothing compared to vindication.
Chaos cannot be turned against Chaos, proud Relictor. You are less a heretic than an imbecile if you believe that. The Dark Powers know your desire to use their sacrilegious tools; they exploit and manipulate it for their own ends - even in the loyal subjects of the Imperium.
If my time in the Black Library taught me anything it was - rather controversially - that Chaos is already very much part of us. It deals in the currency of mortal souls and feeds off states and emotions that are in essence natural. Without us there would be no Chaos. Good and evil? Right and wrong? These are binary oppositions that the inhabitants of this galaxy use to comfort and define themselves. I'm afraid much of the God-Emperor's work is done in the grey area in between.
Hear my warnings, unbelievers. Carried to your minds by the power of the Prince of Excess himself. We have raised altars in this land so that we may sacrifice you to our gods. Veterans of ten millennia of unholy war wait to grind you beneath the treads of their mighty boots. The chosen of Khorne hunger to add you to their bloody tally. The Blood God himself has marked this land, and will claim your skulls for his throne. There is no hope in opposing the inevitable. Put down your arms, unbelievers, and bow before the forces of Chaos Undivided. 
What is Chaos? Suffering, you might say. Oppression. Deceit. But could not all these things be said of your Imperium? You hunt down the talented and the strong-willed. You break them or sacrifice them. You lie to your citizens and wage war on those who dare speak out. The inquisitors you call masters assume guilt and execute millions on a whim. And why? Why do you do this? Because you know Chaos is there but you do not know how to fight it, so you crush your own citizens for fear that they might aid the Enemy. The Imperium suffers because of Chaos. No matter how hard you fight, that will never change. Chaos exists in a state of permanent victory over you - you dance to our tune, mortal one, you butcher and torture and repress one another because the gods of the warp require you to. The Imperium is founded on Chaos. My lord Tzeentch won your war a long, long time ago.
You have caused us great discomfort, little flea... And I feel inclined to scratch.
Cast down the idols! Destroy the temples! Slay the priests! Show these fools that they worship nothing more than a rotting corpse!
In the embrace of the great Nurgle, I am no longer afraid, for with His pestilential favour I have become that which I once most feared: Death.
That's what you don't understand about me, Vaanes. I don't care. I do what I want because it is who I am. Anything else is a lie and if there is one thing I can say of myself, it is that I will never compromise who I am. Not for the powers of the warp, not for the M'kar and certainly not for you. When death is a heartbeat away, I am truly alive. That's the only way I know how to live. What else is there?
Beyond that opening are my enemies. Behind me are warriors who would happily turn their weapons on me if they thought they could get away with it. Do you really think I'm doing this to try and impress anyone? I know who I am, and I don't give a greenskin's fart what anyone thinks of me.
The creatures of the Warp are just "aliens" too, but they are not life forms as we understand the term. They are not organic. They are extra-dimensional, and they influence our reality in ways that seem sorcerous to us. Supernatural, if you will. So let's use all those lost words for them... daemons, spirits, possessors, changelings. All we need to remember is that there are no gods out there, in the darkness, no great daemons and ministers of evil. There is no fundamental, immutable evil in the cosmos. It is too large and sterile for such melodrama. There are simply inhuman things that oppose us, things we were created to battle and destroy.
The day will not save them. And we own the night.
Let the Galaxy burn.
When the traitor's hand strikes, it strikes with the strength of a legion.
The strong are strongest alone.
Though my guards may sleep and ships may rest at anchor, our foes know full well that big guns never tire.
The Imperium is a weak old man, ready and waiting to be broken apart by his vengeful sons.
We fight the long war, not through vain notions of duty and honour, but through a far purer purpose: hatred. At the height of our glory we were betrayed and cast out by our kin. Guilliman, Dorn, Sanguinius - these are names I curse. Horus, Perturabo, Angron - these are names I revere, names I would follow to the very end. It is this hatred that has sustained me through the long millennia. I tend it with bitterness. I nurture it with the deaths of my former brothers. For I know that when the end is upon us and Horus is returned, then the false emperor shall be cast down from his sepulchral Golden Throne, and we shall take our rightful place at the side of Horus, the true Emperor of Mankind.
I salute you! For though our path has been long and bloody, you have served our Lord with unflinching courage and the honour of true warriors. We have seen many fall today and must remember, even as we die, that our blood too is welcome...
We burn their bastions and shatter their defence lines! We shall teach them to defy the will of the Tyrant!
Do not ask which creature screams in the night Do not ask which creature screams in the night, Do not question who waits for you in the shadow. It is my cry that wakes you in the night, And my body that crouches in the shadow. 
I am Tzeentch and you are the puppet That dances to my tune.
Flesh and bone are weak and mutable, and yet the daemonic is ultimately insubstantial and impotent. To be master of both matter and energy, and blend this mastery with ultimate control of one's consciousness, is to achieve true immortality - neither confined by the material, nor divorced from it.
No. No! Not the sarcophagus... Khorne damn you, you disloyal curs, just kill me. JUST KILL ME!
Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn! Kill! Maim! Burn!
Dogma is like tough meat. It is best well-chewed.
The revelation of spirit when encountering the power of Chaos is as freeing for the machine as it is for the mortal mind. It is our duty to create this blessed state of union.
The difference between gods and daemons largely depends upon where one is standing at the time.
It's called treachery, Roboute. It works very well.
Roboute... let the galaxy burn.
Brothers! Welcome to the feast! Tell me, which among you will be the first course?
The minds of gods are not for mortals to know or to judge. Accept that Tzeentch has a place for all of us in his grand scheme, and be happy in the part you have to play.
Do you remember what you said to me, brother? Do you remember what you said to me as we fought before the Pyramid of Photep? Do you remember the words you used? I do. As I recall, your face was tortured. Imagine that - the Master of the Wolves, his ferocity twisted into grief. And yet you still carried out your duty. You always did what was asked of you. So loyal. So tenacious. Truly you were the attack dog of the Emperor. You took no pleasure in what you did. I knew that then, and I know it now. But all things change, my brother. I'm not the same as I was, and you're... well, let us not mention where you are now.
The inferno of my vengeance fills you! It will burn you, my bearers of the holy word, it will fill your veins with power and fire until Ultramar is in ashes. As my power flows in you, so too will I see what you see, feel what you feel and know what you know. With each death I will grow stronger. With every fortress burned my reach will stretch further. You will be my army of dark righteousness. You will be the Bloodborn and your name shall strike terror into the hearts of men! Spread throughout Ultramar and take my fire to the Ultramarines! Burn them from their fastnesses until no trace remains. This is my holy word! - 854999.M41
All power demands sacrifice... and pain. The universe rewards those willing to spill their life's blood for the promise of power.
Without him I would not exist. Without his genetics I would have been one of the Unfleshed, an aborted monstrosity left to die on Medrengard. Sounds like you should be grateful to him. Grateful? My life is fragments. I am the broken shards of two people and I live in pain with every moment that passes. Grateful? No, Ventris cursed me to the agony of a life I didn't ask for. He made me what I am and there is not enough pain in the world for what he will suffer in return. That's my boy.
Let us play hide and slay!
We're so loud you wanna die Go forth and amplify Here come the Noise Marines
It is the fate of the weak to die unknown, and the destiny of the strong to rule for eternity. Give me glory, or give me death!
For years I have despised Lorgar... look at your primarch, Honorius. So singular in aspect. So noble. I have envied you, envied the Imperial Fists, the Luna Wolves, the Iron Hands. And I am not alone. We struggle with a mercurial mind, Honorius. We labour under the burden of a brilliant but fallible commander. We no longer bear the word, my friend. We bear Lorgar.
Throne, don't they ever stop? I must have killed a hundred or more of the damned things." You probably keep killing the same one. If you don't destroy the head, they get back up again.
I shall reap a terrible bounty from the death that I sow in your name, Father Nurgle...
Take care, lest your protests grow tiresome. I have asked for so little! Anyone would think that I have asked you to sacrifice yourselves and your sons! And yet, in Slaanesh's boundless and pleasing mercy, I have asked only for your daughters. Surely you would not deny me my small enjoyments?
There, feel the glory of necrosis, and rejoice! Nurgle loves you!
Well, that was unexpected... That was unexpected, wasn't it
I murdered thousands for the Emperor and he gave me nothing except his damning silence. Now his lapdogs yap for every life I take, while the gods promise me the galaxy.
"Attack" is the only order worth remembering.
This is our galaxy. Ours to corrupt. Ours to enslave. The gods will not be denied their prize.
Their baying chills the heart and spreads icy tendrils of fear through weak mortal souls. And yet worse, yet more terrible to behold, are the huntsmen of this fell pack. Following close upon the Hounds, urging them ever forward, come deformed shapes, running and shrieking, driven by the insatiable blood-hunger of their kind. With twisted crimson bodies they stride across the blighted land, crouched over as if the better to track their prey's terror. Masters of the hunt, they seek the blood of Man to spill at the foot of their master's Skull Throne.
The common man is like a worm in the gut of a corpse, trapped inside a prison of cold flesh, helpless and uncaring, unaware even of the inevitability of its own doom.
Don't blame me for what I’ve done. I watched my wife and daughters die before me. It was death or embracing Chaos, and I knew that through Chaos, I might live. Live! It is life that matters and what I have learned is that Chaos IS life, for life is change and destruction and new forms, new mutations ever manifesting. We clung to the Emperor, a dying effigy, because He was all we knew. We feared life. We feared our own potential strength. The Imperium is dying. A slow death, but it’s dying. I did what I had to, that’s all. I opened my eyes and saw what a fool all of us were, bowing to a half-dead failure slumped on a throne. Haha! The blasphemy still sends shivers down my spine. It is the freshness of life. I am given to Chaos now. Now I truly live!
Death to the false Emperor!
Burn the body; sear the soul
Impurity shall be our armour Hate shall be our weapon Immortality shall be our reward
Destroy, for the sake of Destruction Kill, for the sake of Killing
Let no good deed go unpunished. Let no evil deed go unrewarded.
Shackle the soul and forge the flesh. Bind the machine and butcher the rest.
Stand forth, Servant. The Sword you carry has been smelted in the heat of your anger, forged upon your desire, tempered in your hate, quenched in your soul, polished with your loyalty, furnished with your bones and skin, tested in your hand, and borne in my name. You Slave, are mine, as much as the Blade...
Woe to he who hears the word of the Infernal Denizen of the Great Abyss, for his soul shall be tainted for all eternity. Better to die in eternal ignorance than to burn in the eternal fire.
Trust not in their appearance, for the Eldar are as alien to good, honest men as the vile Tyranids and savage Orks. There is no understanding them for there is nothing to understand - they are a random force in the universe.
Only when you have soared through the morning skies on wings of flame can you understand the Hawk. Only when you have fallen screaming upon those who know they are already dead can you understand the Banshee. Only when you have annihilated those who would oppose you can you truly understand the power of the Dragon. And only one who has travelled but ultimately turned away from each of these paths can understand the Autarch.
Every moment of anger, hate, deceit, pain, suffering, pleasure, and desire is mirrored in the power of Chaos. When its legions march, they march to return upon us a ruin that is of our own making.
Attack swiftly, and without warning. This is the mantra of the Striking Scorpions – it is the way of all our kind.
Behold, the fiery destroyer of worlds.
I walk again, a god among mere mortals.
I have seen the future, and it is death.
May the winds of fate guide my sword.
We have made battle in this place before. We have fought and won. Fought because we knew that we must. We won, and brought upon ourselves glory that will not fade as long as Ulthwé thrives. Now we are called to battle again. Must we perform a duty which we have already accomplished? If we fight and fail, are our former victories tarnished?
We are like echoes in a cave, or waves upon the water: performing our part every time we are called. We who have glimpsed into the flow of time see that it is exactly such vast confluence, paths crossed and re-crossed. All are swept along. And we Eldar, masters of hindsight, insight, and foresight are bound that much more tightly to our duty than the ignorant, the belligerent, the blind.
When one truly understands fate as it is, myriad branching paths, then one can truly see that duty is cleaving to a particular fate, and glory is the accomplishment of duty’s ends. When we are true to the nature of the Eldar, we cannot fail.
They shall come, expecting the obvious, the simple, the artless. They shall stab at the shadows with confused minds and troubled hearts. Meanwhile, we shall appear unseen from ten directions, and from every one strike a fatal blow.
The mind of the Farseer is utterly inhuman in its depth and complexity. Without mercy or moral feeling, his consciousness stands upon the edge of spiritual destruction. That he does not fall must be a result of constraints and balances that only an Eldar could understand. To a mere Human it is yet another reminder that we are but children in comparison to that ancient and powerful race.
The first thing one must learn about the Eldar is that they are a race of fragments, broken and scattered across the galaxy. In culture, geography and technology, the disparate elements of the Eldar race vary wildly. Even within a single sub-race (the so-called kindreds of the Craftworld Eldar, Exodites, 'Dark' Eldar and the mysterious Harlequins) there is great diversity of tradition and attitude
A craftworld is sentient being , with a hundred thousand minds.
Ask not the Eldar a question, for they will give you three answers, all of which are true and terrifying to know.
Against the Great Enemy the Eldar have no hope of victory. They hang on to existence, yet their grip upon the universe is slipping, their hold becomes more precarious with every passing year.
Though I have seen within the Black Library and spoken to its most terrible guardian, I can never reveal what happened there; not to any man nor even the Emperor himself for I am so forsworn to powers beyond your knowledge. I can only say that a time of inconceivable horror is about to begin. A time when mankind with all the might of the Imperium cannot endure when the strength of the Eldar fails. Even now, our doom stalks us across the stars.
No barrier, no enemy will thwart my purpose. This night I bring him the dream of death!
There is no corner of the galaxy that has not felt the eagle-keen gaze of Alaitoc.
The gaze of Alaitoc sees all, there will be no escape for you.
What do Humans know of our pain? We have sung songs of lament since before your ancestors crawled on their bellies from the sea.
He who sees his own doom can better avoid its path. He who sees the doom of others can deliver it.
All the stars in the sky cannot blot out the hateful glare of the red moon's eye. The birthing place of the Great Enemy pulses with all the malice of a daemon that is dreaming, casting its shadow over all we have ever done and all we ever shall.
When there is no other way, the perilous path is the only road to salvation.
Since the time of The Fall, our race has been haunted by what we, in our reckless pursuit of hedonistic indulgence, gave birth to. Though our dreams once overturned worlds and quenched suns, we are now but fitful shadows clinging to the edge of existence. All the stars in the sky cannot blot out the hateful glare of the Red Moon's Eye. The birthing place of The Great Enemy pulses with all the malice of a daemon that is dreaming, casting its shadow over all we have ever done and all we ever shall. Every twisted strand of Fate and casting of the Runes leads me to this time, to this place, and it is clear that the final battle awaits me at the ancient Crone Worlds. A conflict the likes of which has not been seen since the Mon-keigh warred amongst themselves, and their corpse of a seer fell to his traitorous son, is coming and all my steps lead towards it, no matter that I walk other paths. I see the stars stained red with the blood of the Mon-Keigh and, though their wars do not concern me and I would gladly let them destroy one another, I know that to avoid this fight is to condemn my race to inevitable doom. And though all I see is darkness, I know that I will not flinch from my destiny.
Perfidious Eldar! These aliens had the stars in their grasp and now are left to sift the dust of their once fabulous realm. For all their intellect and mysticism they could not contain the beast within them, nor tame the wild monsters of the Shadow. Why should we pay them any heed?
The wind whipping across your face as your blades whip across the throats of the foe. It makes the blood sing.
Trust not in their appearance, for the Eldar are as alien to good, honest men as the vile Tyranids and savage Orks. There is no understanding them for there is nothing to understand - they are a random force in the universe.
The portents are good, the Warp flows strong and pure here. Our sorcery will undo the foul slaves of the dark powers.
My only remaining pleasure is to bring death to the enemies of my Craft World.
The universe is tripatite: the sunlight of the material plane, the darkness of the spirit plane, and the twilight of the spaces betwixt the two.
I bring only death and leave only corpses.
Gather the dead for war, let them join our ranks, lest we are forced to join theirs.
The young do not desire the discipline of the Path, but rather their curiosity drives them to try every fruit from the tree. Thus it is that so many take the Path of Wandering or the Path of Damnation in their first years of adulthood, and so the great tragedy of our kind is played out again and again as the number of our people shrink from generation to generation.
There is no art more beautiful and diverse as the art of death.
Eradicate them all, we can no longer tolerate their filthy presence here.
Make no mistake, Human. We do not fight for your Emperor. We fight against Horus.
Let not the fear of death stay your hand nor defeat your courage. The warrior who will prevail is the one who conquers death, who becomes one with death as we have.
War is my master; Death my mistress.
There’s only one true path in life – the path that leads to war.
The stars themselves once lived and died at our command, yet you still dare to oppose our will.
Feel the rush of the wind against your skin and hear her keening cry in your ears. Listen to her call well, for are we not the Wild Riders, the children of the storm?
The time for using the knife to remove this cancer is long gone. Bring forth the torch.
It is too easy for an Eldar to embrace the obscene virtues of Chaos, for Slaanesh is nothing more than a manifestation of the Eldar mind in its most wild and unconstrained form. Human morality is meaningless to the Eldar, and to the dark side of the Eldar mind all live is to be expended at a whim. Cruelty and generosity are but the impulse of a moment. Beauty and sensuality are virtues that can be expressed in bloodshed just as easily as in song. To an unfettered Eldar mind there is neither sanity nor madness, but merely a wave of perfect existence fulfilled by its own savage momentum.
We bring only death, and leave only carrion. It is a message even a Human can understand.
I hear the song of the celestial heavens, and the music is cacophonous. It is strange but I find comfort in its dissonance. Righting the discord of the universal opus is what’s given my people purpose when, by all rights we as a race should have collapsed in upon ourselves. It is in such moments when species find their greatness or settle back into the muck that spawned them... For myself I have purpose if only to correct one particular stray note in a symphony ran amok. Win or lose, this battle is already my victory, my triumph. It is now fate which decides whether I am there to celebrate that fact or not.
There is still time to change the course of history.
... and the Engines of Vaul will smite them, and bring fire upon them, and in agony they will depart this realm, their souls screaming into the black void that awaits their pitiful race. And with their banishment there will be peace in this place, and we will be one step further along the road we must tread...
The dead must join our ranks, lest we be forced to join theirs.
We may have won the battle, but our ancestors have lost their souls. 
Death eases the spirit.
All of the worlds of the Imperium shall look to their own defense. They shall also look to the defense of the Imperium, and the prosecution of such wars as the Emperor in His wisdom shall decree.
Therefore, each populated planet shall raise and maintain its own planetary defense force, and from the ranks of this defense force it shall provide the best of its troops for recruitment into the Imperial Guard, according to such requirements as shall be imposed by the Administratum.
Statistically, you will almost certainly die when assaulting a well-maintained fortress with a competent commander. You must strive to make your death useful.
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Victory is achieved through mettle. Glory is achieved through metal.
Be swift and silent - as the breeze that crosses the dunes without stirring a grain of sand.
They died doing what they loved, that's all that matters. 
If you want a textbook example of righteous hatred, you need look no further than Commissar Yarrick. In him we see a man who justly despises his foes, and they in turn loath him.
Fifth Company, this is the moment of truth. You will not fear. You will not falter. You will not give a single step to the enemy. 
Enemies of the Imperium, hear me. You have come here to die. The Immortal Emperor is with us and we are invincible. His soldiers will strike you down. His war machines will crush you under their treads. His mighty guns will bring the very sky crashing down upon you. You cannot win. The Emperor has given us his greatest weapon to wield. So make yourselves ready. We are the First Kronus Regiment, and today is our Victory Day. 
When the people forget their duty they are no longer human and become something less than beasts. They have no place in the bosom of humanity nor in the heart of the Emperor. Let them die and be forgotten.
A good soldier obeys without question. A good officer commands without doubt.
Blessed is the mind too small for doubt.
I left my homeworld the night it died, and I've been fighting for its memory ever since. We Tanith are a dying breed. There are only about twenty hundred of us left. Gaunt only got away with enough for one regiment. The Tanith First. The First-and-Only. That's what makes us 'Ghosts', you see. The last few unquiet souls of a dead world. And I suppose we'll keep going until we're all done.
Sorry. I prefer blondes.
I thought the acolytes of Khorne were supposed to be warriors, not a bunch of pansies. 
The noncom in charge of the squad must have been on something, I thought. Nobody spoke like that outside badly-written combat novels.
Frak this, for my faith is a shield proof against your blandishments!
Frak this! My soul's my own and I'm keeping it!
Well then, I seem to recall a rather pleasant little restaurant not far from here. Care to see if it's still standing? 
As I try to impress on the young whelps in my charge these days, it isn't the scarlet sash and the fancy hat that makes you a commissar, it's the way you wear them. The troops you serve with are never going to like you, but if you can get them to respect you that can be almost as good. Remember, you're going to spend most of your career on a battlefield with them, and they've all got guns, so making them think you're a liability is never going to be a very good idea.
I've come across a number of planetary governors in the course of my erratic progress around the galaxy and, on the whole, the ones who weren't incompetent were either corrupt, insane, or both; on at least one occasion sufficiently so to have mortgaged their soul and the world they administered to the forces of the Ruinous Powers.
I'd faced the servants of the Great Enemy more often than I cared to contemplate, and in my experience it was never wise to underestimate them. Particularly a ten thousand year old madman, who'd been marinating himself in the raw stuff of Chaos for most of that time.
Who are you? I'm your Aunt Tona. I don't have an aunt. You do now.
What do I ask of my officers? Merely that they do their duty with fire in their bellies and a prayer on their lips.
Although all documents surrounding the final fate of the original Mordant 13th - the “Lucky 13s” - have been sealed by order of the Inquisition, I, on behalf of the Cadian High Command, order another regiment to be mustered and given the name “The Mordant 13th”. The psyker cadre that advises my High Command have divined, through the Emperor’s Tarot, that just such a regiment will be able to protect the Imperium from all of its foes. It is with all haste that this regiment be raised and trained. We need these men to be hardened fighters in the service of the Emperor before the year is out.
Though our tanks and artillery are mighty, it is the vast ranks of Imperial Guardsmen that shall trample the enemy to dust - let them come.
Children you call them? They can pull a trigger just as well as veterans, and they have the spirit of a bull narthax. Call them children if you wish - I call them troops.
The Valhallans hate the cold as much as the rest of us, they're just taught that carpin' on about it gets the Commissars all riled...
Da Sergeant Major asked me what my job was an' I said it was to, uh, do what I was told. He said I was a genius and gave me another medal. I likes da Imperial Guard!
I have at my command an entire battle group of the Imperial Guard. Fifty regiments, including specialized drop troops, stealthers, mechanized formations, armored companies, combat engineers and mobile artillery. Over half a million fighting men and thirty thousand tanks and artillery pieces are mine to command. Emperor show mercy to the fool that stands against me, for I shall not.
I hate this planet.
It remains a sad truth of the Imperium that virtually no veteran ever comes back from fighting its wars intact. Combat alone shreds nerves and shatters bodies. But the horrors of the warp, and of foul xenos forms like the tyranid, steal sanity forever, and leave veterans fearing the shadows, and the night and, sometimes, the nature of their friends and neighbours, for the rest of their lives.
Ogryns. If we time it just right, the Eldar will all be going "What the..." just when what's left of the Company breaks cover over here and piles into them. No spreading out, no fancy stuff, just smash through. Let's see how those degenerate sophisticates handle a healthy dose of pure unreasoning violence.
Give me a gun, a google-eyed alien to shoot it at, and I’ll die a happy man.
Gentlemen, today we will cover unique fire support options available to commanders of most Imperial Guard and Adeptus Mechanicus forces, primarily from Imperial Cruise Missile. These deadly weapons are unique in their long range, accuracy, and wide variety of warhead choices. It is the warhead choices that make these weapons truly unique. For Imperial Cruise Missile are one of the few in which commanders can tailor to meet their combat needs. Whether that need be creating battlefield obstacles, providing cover for your advancing troops, or smashing any enemy war engine to bits. Gentlemen, you must, however, analyze your mission and the enemy wisely before you make any warhead decisions. For once the warheads are mated to their missile airframes you will likely be stuck with them for the duration of an entire operation.
Titans? They're just like anything else. The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
Men of Tanith! Do you want to live forever?
I am a Commissar. I am empowered to deliver justice wher ever I see it lacking. I am empowered to punish cowardice. I am granted the gift of total authority to judge, in the name of the Emperor, on the field of combat.
I don't pretend to understand the technology, but I know that's an intact Standard Template weapons maker. And I know that's as unheard of as a well-manicured ork.
Give any man the power of a god, and you better hope he's got the wisdom and morals of a god to match. There's nothing feeble about my moral line. I value life. That is why I fight to protect it. I mourn every man I lose and every sacrifice I make. One life or a billion, they're all lives.
Pain is temporary, Honour is forever
As the Emperor protects, so must we.
"Hold Fast!" "They're killing us!" "So kill them back!"
I have a reputation, Modile, a reputation as a fair, honest man who treats his soldiers well and supports them in the face of darkness. Potentially, that reputation makes me soft. It seems I understand failure and forgive it. Some, like Kowle, believe me to be a weak commissar, not prepared to take the action my rank demands. Not prepared to enforce field discipline where I see it failing. I am an Imperial commissar. I will enflame the weak, support the wavering, guide the lost. I will be all things to all men who need me. But I will also punish without hesitation the incompetent, the cowardly, and the treasonous.
Choose, for courtesy's sake, summary execution or a firing squad of your own men.
If you will not serve in combat, then you will serve on the firing line.
Beastman bad. Bad Beastman. Dirty. Emperor no like. Beastman love Emperor. Give blood to Emperor. Give heads to Emperor. Say sorry.
I have seen war in all its forms. I have seen feral world savages braining each other with stones, and I have monitored the death of a whole planet at the hands of a virus bomb. I have seen Space Marines drop to certain death, and win. I have seen Titans crush whole platoons underfoot. But there is no more stirring sight in war than the charge of massed cavalry.
No problem. We showed them skinny Eldar. Come on lads, says I, we're gonna go over there and bury them in their own holes, no worries. There was no worries about cover, 'cos there wasn't any cover. No worries about timing, 'cos us lads were first in. Easy as breakfast.
You've just been volunteered for the Last Chancers. For your crimes against the Emperor and humanity you will spend your life in this, the XIII Penal Legion, until such time as you receive the Emperor's Absolution from the Colonel or the Emperor himself. And of course the only way you can receive the Emperor's personal absolution is when you're dead...
When you decide to die, remember to give your enemy the same honour.
Target and deny! By our deaths shall they know us!
Let's give them hell, men.
I've fought in this endless hateful war for eight months now, night and day. In that time I've aged a decade. My hair has turned grey, nearly all my squad have died, and I doubt I'll ever smile again. I've fought next to heroes and strangled men in their sleep. But I'm still alive and by the Emperor I plan to stay that way.
So here I am, in a lose-lose position. Stay here and die at the hands of alien heretics - or throw in my lot with two superhuman psychopaths with a death wish!
One hammer blow will be all it takes. Place the men on alert, summon the reserves! We crush them here and now, for the Emperor!
Back home, I once fancied me a pair of Catachan Devil boots. Killed me half a dozen of the great ugly critters but never found a single one that wore any!
Been on a death world once. That was a bit like home. Most places are better, though. And there's regular rations. We get more if the Emperor's really pleased with us.
Stupid dumb Orks, don’t they know they’re on our territory now? Kyraxian Death-jungle? Feels just like home to me!
Ugh! What happened to these guys! Looks like they've been sliced and diced.
Marching through this green hellhole, getting slowly eaten by flies, drowning in our own sweat and choking on sulfur fumes? I can’t see why that’s not a good idea.
Of course they’d come to Mordant for the saviors of the galaxy! We’re the hardest gakking troopers you’ll find in all the Segmentums! I’m proud to lead these warriors of the Emperor where ever he needs us to fight. We’ll stand fast against the myriad of foes that batter at the gates of the Imperium. I’ve scoured the mines and shanty-towns for the fiercest low-lives I could find. As I speak to you now, my men are already suffering through the most rigorous boot camp you could imagine. No soldier of the Lucky 13s will be grist for the mill.
It is not enough that I achieve victory - my enemy must suffer total defeat. It is not enough that I kill - all my foes must die. It is not enough that I succeed - all others must fail!
I don’t know what effect they have on the enemy, but by the Emperor, they frighten me.
Trust? Trust’s got nothing to do with it. I just don’t want them out of my sight.
I don't care how bloody sanctioned they are, a psyker's a psyker, and anything to do with the warp is more trouble than it's worth.
We hit ‘em so hard half of them were still squatting on their latrines. Ain’t nothing in the galaxy that brings victory half as sure as killing the enemy before he knows he’s in a fight.
How many did you lose coming here? Troops? Family. I didn't have any to lose. I don't know which of us is luckier. Neither one, commissar. And that's the tragedy.
We're the Death Korps of Krieg, son. Did you think that was just a pretty name? We never retreat. We fight and we die, that's the Krieg way.
Weep for him - for his faith was not sufficient.
Rejoice for yourselves, for my faith is bottomless!
Forward, for the Emperor!
And from the deeps there arose a mighty beast, of many eyes and many limbs. And the beast from the darkness did set upon the light of mankind with hateful thirst and unnatural hunger.
And the bounties of the Emperor shall go to those who have worked hard in his service.
And the Emperor’s thanks for those who have been bountiful in their gifts would be eternal.
And Saint Phistinius went unto the enemy unarmed and unarmoured.
And the heretic priests of Eidoline came forth, bringing false images for the praise of the lost people.
Unto death I shall serve him. Unto life again shall he serve the Emperor.
There are bounties and treasures aplenty for those of the true faith.
There was rejoicing upon the Square of the Evernight, for the darkness had passed and the light had returned.
There was a great light, and all around was the beauty of the Emperor.
And there shall be space in the Emperor’s heart for all true believers.
And they smote the enemies of the Emperor with a righteous fury, for they knew they were doing His work.
We ride like the wind, my brothers – victory depends on it.
No, he was not a saint. He was a man. A very great man, and in many ways a very wicked one.
Show me men who know how to fight! Follow me to the morgue, sir, and I'll show you plenty.
With this act we have richly denied the Darkness and made trophies of its creatures. A dark lord is dead. So, this holy crusade, blessed by the Emperor, is advanced with glory.
What is the strongest weapon of mankind? The god-machines of the Adeptus Mechanicus? No! The Astartes Legions? No! The tank? The lasgun? The fist? Not at all! Courage and courage alone stands above them all!
Strike fast and suddenly. Attack without warning. Secure victory before the foe is aware of his danger. Remember always, a war is easily won if your enemy does not know he is fighting.
I give men dreams and men are led by their dreams.
What I cannot crush with words I will crush with the tanks of the Imperial Guard!
Peace? There cannot be peace in these times.
The meaning of victory is not to merely defeat your enemy but to destroy him, to completely eradicate him from living memory, to leave no remnant of his endeavours, to crush utterly his achievement and remove from all record his every trace of existence. From that defeat no enemy can ever recover. That is the meaning of victory.
Always endeavour to fight the enemy on your own terms. If you outnumber the foe use reserves to break through when the enemy's overstretched lines collapse. If you are outnumbered then concentrate your forces so that the enemy can fight only your best troops. If you are powerful at close quarters then engage in dense terrain where your advantage will prove greatest. If you are superior at long range then attack along an extended front. Remember always, however, that a commander who puts his faith in heavy weaponry will be easily outmaneuvered and a commander who relies on close combat without adequate support will lose his force to disciplined fire. No one has ever won a battle who failed to take advantage of his enemy's weakness, or take heed of his own.
Where the hell are those throne damned reinforcements? Get Kendrick on the vox. What do you
mean there’s no signal? What in hell’s going on here?
Doing the work of the Emperor is its own reward. But this is quite satisfying.
You can waste as many Imperial Guard lives as you care, that’s your stupidity and not my responsibility.
I'd check my instruments if I were you. No-one in his right mind would lay a minefield in a place like...
I had heard many rumours of the horrors of the mysterious Eldar. Of fire-clad daemons no weapons could harm. Of power-wreathed psykers who can tell your forture and forecast your doom. Of winged warriors falling from the sky like rain and tall guardian warriors powered by the spirits of the dead. None concerned me. None held any terror for a faithful servant of the Emperor with the might of the Imperial Guard at his command. Non save their aircraft. When fighting the Eldar, watch the skies...
Peace is not in my vocabulary.
They may spend every off-duty minute polishing their shiny boots and marching up and down the parade ground in perfect formation, but don't let that fool you. These men are steel-eyed, cold-blooded killers and I'd as soon have a platoon of them in my force as I would a company of other troops.
Winning is everything, but the trick is to know where the winning really is.... We're political animals, Ibram. Through us, if we do our job properly, the black and white of war is tempered. We are the interpreters of combat, the translators. We give meaning to war, subtlety, purpose even. Killing is the most abhorrent, mindless profession known to man. Our role is to fashion the killing machine of the human species into a positive force. For the Emperor's sake. For the sake of our own consciences.
The first trick a political officer of the Commissariat learns is: learn to lie. The second is: trust no one. The third: never get involved with local politics.
Always, always lead from the front. Never expect a man under your command to undertake an action you're not prepared to make yourself.
As swift as a lash mamba, as sharp as a sineleaf, as stubborn as a wild grox.
Target sighted! Red Corsairs Predator left of the bunker. See the repair seam on the turret? Steady. Fire! Good shot. Driver, AT mines, steer left now. Gunner! Enemy infantry in crater, eleven o'clock. High explosive, fire! Sponson gunners keep an eye out, there's plenty more where they came from...
We hold them here or we fight them on the hallowed ground of Terra itself. I for one would rather see a million human lives lost here than allow a single Ork to set foot on Earth.
Your foe is well equipped, well-trained, battle-hardened. He believes his gods are on his side. Let him believe what he will. We have the tanks on ours.
Codicier Pryke raised the point that a significant credit value was attached to this installation, and that its destruction would result in a 0.017 per cent fluctuation in the mean commerce averages of the sector. She went on to suggest that an alternative strategy should be found. Colonel Kasteen said she was welcome to go outside and ask the orks to go away if she thought that would help.
Gaunt? He’s a despicable bastard who left my world to die and one day I will slay him with my own hands.
A friend of death, a brother of luck and a son of a bitch.
I've never liked you, Gaunt. I know. But I've always respected you. Solid. Professional. A warrior who works to a code. Sure, because of that code Tanith burned, but you stuck by it no matter what anyone else thought. A man of honour.
I hate last stands, there's never time to practise them.
We've run into scorpions the size of battle tanks, three men died from Eyerot last week. I've sweat enough to fill a lake, my boots got sucked into a sink-swamp and the trees are so thick in places, you can't squeeze between them. Emperor help me, I love this place! It's just like home!
Sir, will do. I've never liked that particular title. It seems to foster unhealthy ambitions.
They’re sending us where? The want us to fight who? Well, I guess the Emperor knows what he’s doing, because those bureaucrats in the Administratum sure as gak don’t!
You're all here because you are traitors to Mankind and the Immortal Emperor. You are here because you have failed in your sworn duty to protect his domains and subjects, and you have perverted his trust in you for your own misguided ends. You have sacrificed your part in securing the future of the whole of humanity for your own selfish gain. To kill you would be to accept that you can no longer save your immortal souls. If you were to be ushered into the Emperor's presence now, the scales would tip badly against you when the deeds of your life are weighed up by his Almighty Presence. This is why I give you a last chance to prove yourselves worthy of the Emperor's forgiveness. This is why you are here - to save yourselves from eternal damnation.
You will atone for your sins, and when you die you will thank me for allowing you to!
You are all here because you are scum. But you are the Emperor's scum. You have skills that are useful to our Immortal Lord and whether you wish it or no, they will be made use of.
Those we left behind were weak. To give in to alien domination is one of the greatest acts of treachery against the Emperor.
They have seen more death and ruin than another soldier sees in ten lifetimes.
I love the smell of promethium in the morning.
In war, best know what enemies are around you in your camp, before you step out to face the foe and wonder why you do so alone. 
Do not ask how you may give your life for the Emperor. Ask instead how you may give your death.
We have been given our crusade, my sons... the Sabbat Worlds!
The beati was a warrior. She exemplifies the Imperial creed, and the human spirit better than any figure in the annals. As a boy, she inspired me. I take this crusade as a personal matter, a duty greater than any I have yet undertaken for the Golden Throne. To repay her inspiration, to walk in her path and make free again the worlds she brought from darkness. I feel as if I am... a pilgrim, Ibram.
Every position must be held to the last man: there must be no retirement. With our backs to the wall, and believing in the justice of our cause, each one of us must fight on to the end.
Damn it, follow me. I'll show you how it's done.
Captain, the reason we've got these tracks is to get us into trouble faster. Now I suggest you mount up and move out. The enemy is that way, don't stop 'til you find him, and don't come back 'til you've beaten him.
The reinforcements were greatly appreciated... erm, have you got any more?
To each of us falls a task. And all the Emperor requires of us Guardsmen is that we stand in line, and we die fighting. It is what we do best: we die standing.
Although the Golden Throne of Terra orbits a distant star far from here, the Emperor's hand is on your shoulders today. You have fought and displayed bravery and loyalty far and above your calling as Guardsmen. You have faced the full brunt of an Ork Waaagh! as well as stared down the horrors of the Warp in the fallen Space Marines, and in that I am honoured to have led you.
"This is General Sturnn of the Cadian 412th Regiment Imperial Guard. Only fools believe that the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Still, the Eldar proved useful enough to bring my men into position, admittedly at cost to their own lives. They lay outside, being cut to the last as I speak. I cannot risk helping them. I will not trade the lives of my men for theirs."
"You will fail this day, General. Without our soulstone the battle will be lost. The Necrons will sweep over you and drink your life out from the hollow vessel of your corpse! Without us you face your doom."
"Eldar! The Cadian 412th have faced doom before. We bested it then and we will best it today! Die well!
Oh. Were there Tyranids on Corania? I guess I was just too busy with my needlepoint to notice!
For justice! For vengeance! For the Emperor!
The most dangerous thing on the battlefield is a junior officer with a compass and a map.
"I cry out for troops and you give me rhetoric - I plead for ammunition and you give me speeches - I ask you again, Commander, what can you pledge me?" "A heroic death, Captain."
Walls of stone do not a fortress make. But they're not a bad start.
When the Titan walks, only the dead have no fear. The brave warrior faces his fear and the Titan, and kills the enemies of the Great Brother-Warrior Horus. The Titan's steps shake the land beneath our feet, lightning is in its veins, and the sun is in its heart. The shadow of the Titan weighs upon our hearts, yet we fight against it. My knife and my gun-of-light will conquer, and the Titan's death scream will be my prayer, for my weapons shine with courage.
We shall wage this war with undaunted faith and courage. We shall not take one step back. This is the Emperor's world and we will not surrender it!
A small mind is easily filled with faith.
It is always better to find your enemy, before your enemy finds you.
Munitorium Swamp Warfare instructors may tell you the swamp is your friend. More Realistic instructors may claim it's just neutral. Let me tell you; the swamp is not neutral and it most certainly is not your friend. It's your enemy, and you'll soon learn to hate it.
All men need something to fight for, a cause to believe in. Tell them that the Emperor needs them to hold that ground at all costs, and they’ll fight like lions.
Does the God-Emperor sit much?
The Emperor protects... and dumps on us from a great height
What I remember most about the battle for Vogen was the confusion and the colossal scale of death. We fought like heroes, like each building that had even one Guardsman inside was a fortress against the enemy. Every soldier, fighting in a basement or under the stairs, stood his ground alone and accomplished the task on his own. Because in cityfighting a soldier has to be his own general. He needs to be given correct guidance and the trust of his officers. On Vogen we had neither and how we survived was a miracle.
“I don’t get it. How does a tank that big just disappear? What sorcery can do… Holy Throne! Heavy weapons, right flank, right flank! Fire now.”
Who told you to die? Keep fighting!
I have followed you too far to fail now Ghazghkull Thraka. I bear the gift of death. You cannot outrun me. There's no place in this universe where you can hide. I have waited a long time for vengeance. I'm tired but not so tired I cannot kill you. Maybe then I won't see the faces of the dead. Maybe then I'll be able to sleep.
The green tide of Orkdom is upon us and we are alone. There can be no mercy. No surrender. If we survive this day it will be a miracle.
He was an avalanche from an unexpected quarter. He was a thunderbolt from a clear sky.
There will be no retreat from Hades Hive. We will fight to the end.
It is the purest folly to believe that an individual can save Armageddon. Wars are not won by heroes, they are won by firepower and force, and the application of strategy and tactics.
We stand at a junction, with roads leading to both abject defeat and glorious victory. In order to choose the right path to follow we need first to look back along the road that has led us to this point...
Heroes of Armageddon! You have withstood the evil savagery of the Orks, and they have nothing left for you to fear. So raise high the black banners of vengeance - now is our time.
This planet is a hellhole, but it’ll be an Imperial hellhole when we’re through with it.
We draw the line here! Sergeants, pass the word out, we give no ground, we stand and we die in the name of the Emperor!
Competence on the battlefield is a myth. The side which screws up next to last wins, it's as simple as that.
"Without the Dark, there can be no Light, We have purpose Without the Lie, there can be no Truth, We have purpose Without the War, there can be no Victory, We have purpose Without the Death, there can be no sacrifice, We have purpose Without the Hope there can be no Future, We have purpose Without the Loyalty there can be no one chapter, We have purpose Without the Emperor, there is nothing, And we would have no purpose"
"At battle's end, speak the Liturgy in a clear voice. Respect the bravery of the living. Give the Rite of Passage to the fallen. Honour the battle gear of the dead. To do all this with reverence, even when exhausted by battle and weary from the field, is the duty of a Chaplain. It is his burden and satisfaction."
"Do not fail your Brothers. Though their bodies die, their spirit must return to the Chapter. That is your charge."
"During the righteous pacification of the heretical insurgence on Iduno, Lysander (at the time still a sergeant) bravely led his squad in the stubborn defence of the Colonial Bridge. For fourteen hours Lysander and his men held against wave after wave of attacks by the hateful rebels who had forsworn the glorious Emperor of Mankind for the False Glories of the Fallen Gods. Well versed in the Rites of Battle, Lysander guided his men surely and strongly, bringing the vengeance of the Emperor in volleys of controlled, effective bolter fire. When Lysander and the survivors of his squad were relieved, it took several hours to clear the corpses of the shadow-shrouded recreants so the bridge could be crossed."
"Marneus Augustus Calgar is the renowned master of the Ultramarines, and his countless exploits while defeating the enemies of the Emperor (may his divine light always guide us) have earned him no small measure of fame throughout the Imperium. In particular, his stubborn defence and ultimate crushing defeat of the Tyranids during the 1st Tyrannic War has become the stuff of legend amongst the more vulgar elements of the population on those planets that owe allegiance to the Ultramarines. But fame and glory ever begets jealousy and spite, and these heroic tales, fuelled by Marneus' fierce (some might say intractable) pride, has earned him and his brethren many high-ranking enemies. While I can find no direct evidence, it seems probable that these enemies engineered the now infamous Court of Inquiry into Marneus' actions during the suppression of the uprising on Colony Beta//54, where Marneus was quite rightly exonerated of all charges, if his excellency will allow me to put forward my own, very humble, opinion. Recent reports that Marneus was slain during the defence of Ichar IV appear to be based upon nothing but base rumour and tawdry gossip, and all the reliable evidence I have found indicates the he continues to lead the Ultramarines to this day."
"The final destination on my Warrior Pilgrimage to Rynn's World was my voyage to the Jadeberry Hill Necropolis. Upon that blasted knoll are to be found hundreds of hand-carved headstones, each one a memorial to a fellow battle brother of the Crimson Fists. Each stone is engraved with the battle honours of a hero whose mortal remains will never be recovered, his sacrifice an example to us all. I lingered at that bleak place for a day and a night, meditating upon the foes I had defeated and the terrible battles I had fought to return here and atone for my weakness. Come the morn, I was struck by a revelation. Though many of them had died here, my brethren had prevailed in the face of adversity. I would strive to emulate their example and prove myself worthy of the trust placed in me by my Chapter."
"Where there is uncertainty, I shall bring light Where there is doubt, I shall sow faith Where there is shame, I shall point atonement Where there is rage, I shall show its course"
"My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field."
"The Space Wolves revere the Emperor as the greatest warrior of all time, the only being to have ever bested Leman Russ in hand-to-hand combat. When Space Wolves call upon Russ or the Emperor in battle, it is to witness the deeds of men and to judge the fallen."
"There is only the Emperor, and he is our shield and protector"
"You carry the Emperor's will as your torch, with it destroy the shadows."
"What is your life? My honour is my life. What is your fate? My duty is my fate. What is your fear? My fear is to fail. What is your reward? My salvation is my reward. What is your craft? My craft is death. What is your pledge? My pledge is eternal service"
"What is your Duty? To serve Emperor's Will. What is Emperor's Will? That we fight and die. What is Death? It is our duty. What is your Duty?"
"One unbreakable shield against the coming darkness One last blade, forged in defiance of fate Let them be my legacy to the galaxy I conquered And my final gift to the species I failed"
"Nothing survives its touch, nothing escapes its grasp. It is a weapon of unspeakable power and unmatched devastation – a horror from a bygone age."
"Blessed is the mind too small for doubt"
"Through the destruction of our enemies do we earn our salvation!"
"We do not know what our chances of survival are, so we fight as if they were zero. We do not know what we are facing, so we fight as if it was the dark gods themselves. No one will remember us now and we may never be buried beneath Titan, so we will build our own memorial here. The Chapter might lose us and the Imperium might never know we existed, but the Enemy - the Enemy will know. The Enemy will remember. We will hurt it so badly that it will never forget us until the stars burn out and the Emperor vanquishes it at the end of time. When Chaos is dying, its last thought will be of us. That is our memorial - carved into the heart of Chaos. We cannot lose, Grey Knights. We have already won."
"You had to use the whole Trail. Saint Evisser, the cardinals, every single citizen, you had to move them all into position to beat us. Remember that. You put your plan in motion before the Trail even existed, because you knew it would take nothing less. We made you work, daemon. You feared us so much you had to move star systems to make us dance to your tune."
"At Lastrati we gathered every Whirlwind in the Crusade and massed them at the gates of Sogoth. At my order, the entire formation opened fire and the night sky blazed as bright as day. Moments later the city was aflame,its defences shattered and its defenders broken. Inly then did Iorder the Assault squads to attack, and then the battle was truly joined."
"The lives of millions, and the honour of our Chapter, hang in the balance brothers. Failure is not an option."
"While the enemies of the Emperor still draw breath, there can be no peace."
"If your life is given in service to the Emperor, your death shall not be in vain.
"Victory does not always rest with the big guns: but, if we rest in front of them we shall be lost.
"Here we stand and here shall we die, unbroken and unbowed, though the very hand of death itself come for us, we will spit our defiance to the end!
"Street by street and block by block we’ll sweep them out. There are snipers on the rooftops and the underpass is heavily mined. It’s going to be dangerous, it’s going to be fun.”
"Victory often rests on the correct weaponry being in the right place and at the right time. Even the most destructive weapons of war are worthless if absent from the battle.
"The uniforms of the Imperial Guard are camouflaged in order to protect their wearers by hiding them from sight. The principle is that what the enemy cannot see he cannot kill. This is not the way of the Adeptus Astartes. A Space Marine’s armour is bright with heraldry that proclaims his devotion to his Chapter and the beloved Emperor of Mankind. Our principle is that what the enemy can see, he will soon learn to fear…
"Treat them with honour, my Brothers. Not because they will bring us victory this day, but because their fate will one day be ours."
"Come you aliens, show me what passes for fury amongst your misbegotten kind!
"We are the Emperor's angels of death, not his angels of mercy.
"Don't fool yourselves. War is all we are! Killing is all we are good for! The rest is delusion.
"We are weapons. There is the Emperor, and there is war. Nothing more
Offer the incantation of activation, speak forth the litany of retribution and deliver unto the enemy the wrath of the Omnissiah.
Fenris breeds heroes like a bar breeds drunks - loud, proud and spoiling for a fight.
I was on Prospero, brothers. I was there when we burned their heresy from the galaxy. I saw Leman Russ lay waste to their cherished places. I saw Traitors weep from corrupted eyes as we turned their pyramids of glass into barren wasteland. That will not happen here. They were made weak by the knowledge of their treachery. We are made strong by the knowledge of our fidelity. Where Tizca fell, the Aett will stand. Though it may cost the lives of us all, the Aett will stand.
God-Emperor? Calling him a god was how all this mess started.
Lead us from death to victory, from falsehood to truth. Lead us from despair to hope, from faith to slaughter. Lead us to His strength and an eternity of war. Let His wrath fill our hearts. Death, war, and blood; in vengeance serve the Emperor and the name of Dorn!"
Suffer not the Unclean to live
Trust in the Emperor at the hour of battle. Trust to him to intercede, and protect his warriors true as they deal death on alien soil. Turn their seas to red with the blood of their slain. Crush their hopes, their dreams And turn their songs into cries of lamentation.
Uphold the honour of the Emperor
Smite now the scions of the Witch! Grant us the strength to pierce their unclean flesh! To cover their fields with the pale form of the blasphemous dead! To drown the thunder of guns with the shriek of their dying! To lay waste to their citadels with hurricanes of fire! To wring the hearts of their kin with unavailing grief! To send them into the waste of their desolate land in rags and hunger, broken in spirit, worn with travail and begging for the refuge of the grave. We ask it, in the spirit of wrath, O Master of Mankind!"
"O Emperor, in wrath rejoicing at bloody wars, fierce and untamed, whose mighty power doth make the strongest walls from their foundations shake. All-conquering Master of Mankind, be pleased with this war's tumultuous roar. Delight in swords and fists red with alien blood, and the dire ruins of savage battle. Rejoice in furious challenge, and avenging strife, whose works with woe embitter human life!" 
"Accept any challenge, no matter the odds
"No Fear! No Pity! NO REMORSE!"
We may be few, and our enemies many. Yet so long as there remains one of us still fighting, one who still rages in the name of justice and truth, then by the Allfather, the galaxy shall yet know hope.
The Machine is strong. We must purge the weak, hated flesh and replace it with the blessed purity of metal. Only through permanence can we truly triumph, only through the Machine can we find victory. Punish the flesh. Iron in mind and body. Hail the Machine!
For the Emperor and Sanguinius!
Knowledge is power. Guard it well
An open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded
Show me a fortress and I'll show you a ruin
We pray for our brethren who pilot the Dreadnoughts. Though they take new form, their souls, and their weapon mounts, remain pure.
Damnation starts with little steps, by arrogantly thinking that you are wiser than our great forbears, by tinkering with truth, by compromising, by departing from the straight and narrow path of the Emperor’s light.
Know this, son of Guilliman. The father of our Chapter watches over us always. He knows your soul, your strengths and, aye, even your fears. I share your pain at the loss of Brother-Captain Idaeus, but to dishonour his name with grief is wrong. He gave his life so that his battle-brothers would live and the enemies of the Emperor would be defeated. A warrior can ask for no better death than that. Captain Idaeus was the senior officer, and you were duty bound to follow his orders when they were given. The chain of command must not be broken or we are nothing. Discipline and order are everything on the battlefield and the army that lives by that credo will always triumph.
We are the Ultramarines, the Sons of Guilliman. Whilst we draw breath, we stand. Whilst we stand, we fight. Whilst we fight, we prevail. Nothing shall stay our wrath.
We follow in the footsteps of Guilliman. As it is written in the Codex, so shall it be.
You all heard Varro's words. The daemon is vulnerable, exposed, and we have one chance to end this. Right here and right now, the fate of Ultramar is in our hands. You are the best and bravest of your Chapter, and though we may die in these mountains, we will die in service to something greater than blood, something greater than land. We fight for what we know is right. I will lead you in that fight, and all I ask is that you fight like the heroes you are!
For Ultramar! CHARGE!
Only a madman knows no fear. A warrior knows what fear is, he feels it in his stomach, he understands fear better than any other mortal can. What makes us strong is that we have conquered fear, overcome it not once but many times, over and over again, until the process has become instinctive. but no matter how many battles you fight and how many victories you win, your fear will never completely leave you. Learn to live with that fear. Learn to master your fear. But never forget that there are things in this universe that even you cannot face and live, abominations so terrible that their very appearance will sear the flesh from your face and shrivel your eyes. Such things cannot be fought, and to confront them would be nothing but a futile waste of life. In those situations remember your vows to serve the Emperor, and remember also that you serve him best alive and not sacrificed upon the altar of vain glory.
Everything has a purpose, Proteus. So the Emperor ordains.
The blasphemy of the Tyranids is such that only one solution is acceptable. Extermination. There can only be two sides in a fight - choose carefully, lest you and I find ourselves on different sides.
We give hope. Ever has it been that the Space Marines are too few to conquer every threat. Yet the truth of our existence and the hope of our intervention steels the hearts of lesser warriors and lends strength to their conviction. They hold out against impossible odds and offer up prayers to the Emperor that the Angels of Death will come. They fight harder, knowing that if they do so we might intervene. Mankind believes our Emperor to be a god, and that is both foolish and blind. Yet they also believe the Adeptus Astartes to be the instrument of His will, and that is not so ignorant. I cannot say whether the Emperor answers prayers thrown up in desperation, but I do know that the Ultramarines reply to calls for aid if it is possible. To not answer that cry for help threatens to shatter something far more precious than ore worlds and hive factories: faith in the Space Marines.
What is it to be a Space Marine? -It is to be death! What is it to be death? -It is to be the destroyer, the end of all things. What is it to end life? -It is an honour, to be the executioners of the Emperor. Why do we fight? -To protect the Imperium and deliver mankind from the evil of the xenos, the mutant and the heretic! What is the xenos? -A blight to be purged! What is the mutant? -A cancer to be excised! What is the heretic? -A shame to be expunged! What is the bolter, the flamer, the missile? -The incarnation of destruction, by which we bring about the death of the Emperor's foes! What is the armour, the helm and the shield? -The embodiment of our faith, our determination given form. Who is the primarch? -Our father, our guide, our king! Who is the Chapter Master? -The primarch's regent, to whom we swore oaths, the voice of the Emperor in the mortal world. What are our oaths? -The steel that binds our lives to the Emperor. What did we swear? -Our lives are as nought in the vision of the Emperor, save that by them we shall destroy all foes. What is the fate of all foes? -To perish in the fire of battle and be cleansed from the galaxy. Who will prevail against the darkness? -The Ultramarines! Who are the swords of the Emperor? -The Ultramarines! Who are the sons of Magragge? -The Ultramarines! For the Emperor and the primarch! Death! Bring death to our foes!
We must scour them from the stars before they do same to us.
The roar of engines, the recoil of cannons. That is where the true joy of battle lies.	
Let them hide in their fortress. My crew can use the target practice.
What is the terror of death? That we die with our work incomplete. What is the joy of life? To die knowing our task is done. I stand alongside warriors of honour, and the warrior who acts out of honour cannot fail. His duty is honour itself. Even a warrior's death--if it is honourable--is a reward and can be no failure, for it has come through duty. Seek honour as you act, and you will know no fear. A fortress is a living thing: the commander its brain, the walls its bones, the sensors its eyes and ears, the troops its blood, their weapons its fists. If one organ fails, the whole dies. And if the whole dies, no single organ can survive alone. And above all, remember this... for a warrior the only crime is cowardice.
I haven't lost an arm, brother. It's right over there.
"Look to your battle gear and it will protect you. " "We guard it with our lives. " "As your armour guards your life. " "As it has my fallen brethren. " "Honour the craft of death. " "We serve only the Emperor." "Honour the battle gear of the dead. " "We ask only to serve. "
As I bear the colours of my Chapter boldly, so too do these glorious machines. Their flankes caryy our Livery with pride and the scream of their jets proclaims the coming for all our foes to hear.
If my Marines are ordered to serve alongside these tainted half-animals, they shall do so. But upon their return they shall be quarantined and purified by every means in our Apothecarion.
They are an effective force in their way, and I do not doubt the Emperor's wisdom in allowing tainted subhuman filth to serve Him. But my men shall not be exposed to the corruption of these beasts.
Camouflage is the colour of fear... I have no need to hide from my foes... I have no fear of death. My colours I wear openly, they proclaim louder than any words, "I am proud to live - I am proud to die".
The ethics of booklearning and scholarship I leave to the savants. But for what it's worth, I would have burned it without a second thought.
Shields are holding, power at 44%. Let them spend their impotent wrath.
For eleven hundred years, I have fought and I have seen the darkness in our galaxy. I have seen the vileness of the alien and the heresy of the mutant. I have witnessed the sin of possession. I have seen all the evil that the galaxy harbours, and I have slain all whose presence defiles the Emperor. I have seen what you will see. I have fought what you must fight, and I have slain what you must slay... so fear not and be proud, for we are the sons of Sanguinius, the protectors of Mankind. Aye, we are indeed the Angels of Death.
You will fight in the streets, and in the habs! You will fight for the enemy's death, not your own lives! You will fight and you will drive this alien filth from the Emperor's city. You will do these things, or you will face my wrath.
We go where we wilt. We slay who we wilt. Let the Emperor judge the righteousness of our deeds.
Give me a hundred Space Marines. Or failing that give me a thousand other troops
The Emperor has no like, Loken. There are no gods in this hollow universe to keep him company. So he made us, demi-gods, to stand beside him. I have never quite come to terms with my status. Does that surprise you? I see what I am capable of, and what is expected of me, and I shudder. The mere fact of me frightens me sometimes.
Don't be insulted, but there is something very human about you, Loken, for an Astartes.
If the Warmaster has turned his back on Terra, what are my orders? Tell him his brother Rogal will have him answer for it.
If there is nobility remaining within Konrad's Legion, then it is hidden deeply beneath too many layers of twisted lusts, deviance, and disobedience. Their ways are foolish, ill-considered and a hindrance to the orderly flow of controlled war. The time is coming when the Night Lords must answer for their behaviour and be brought back into the doctrine of Imperial warfare, lest we lose them to their own deviant hungers.
There is no enemy. The foe on the battlefield is merely the manifestation of that which we must overcome. He is doubt, and fear, and despair. Every battle is fought within. Conquer the battlefield that lies inside you, and the enemy disappears like the illusion he is.
No plan survives contact with the enemy. Then you're not making the right plans.
They shall be my finest warriors, these men who give of themselves to me. Like clay I shall mould them, and in the furnace of war forge them. They will be of iron will and steely muscle. In great armour shall I clad them and with the mightiest guns will they be armed. They will be untouched by plague or disease, no sickness will blight them. They will have tactics, strategies and machines so that no foe can best them in battle. They are my bulwark against the Terror. They are the Defenders of Humanity. They are my Space Marines and they shall know no fear.
You may cleave to your courage but that will fail you, look to your weapons but you will find them not enough. Run, fight, hide, pray, cry out or cover - it does not matter, for we are come.
We face greenskin invasion rimward, Eldar raiding coreward, rebellion trailing and the tendrils of a Hive Fleet incoming spinward. Situation excellent, attacking on all fronts
For Ultramar and for duty, For past and for future, For Terra and the Emperor, No brother falls forgotten.
Kinsmen, we are being tested. We cannot know what madness has overcome Lorgar, we do not know the fate of our brothers and our primarch. But what we do know is duty. Our duty is to hold this approach to the city, to deny it to the enemy. These were Guilliman's last words to us. Meles gave his life in service of that command, and if called, then so shall we.
My name is Nathaniel Garro, and I am a Legion of One.
You court death, Garro, like some ancient Knight-Errant. That's as good a title as any, Brother.
The Emperor's realm must be cleansed of the taint of the xenos and the heretic. We destroy the former by the sword, we shall destroy the latter through faith and the sword.
Yes, I have a damn question... what wars must there be in creation that require warriors like you?
Raise the flag high. Let those degenerates know who comes to claim their lives this day!
The enemy have been sighted. I am going to engage. In the name of the Emperor: Ravenwing - Attack! Attack! ATTACK!
Bravery is stronger than Adamantium. One is the stuff of the soul-forges, the other an illusion of safety created by fools. Adamantium walls cannot keep us out! We have the courage of the Emperor! And in the Emperor's name... ATTACK!! ATTACK!! NO PRISONERS!!
We of the Librarium must be aware of Chaos. Yet we do not ourselves aim to contend with Chaos, unless compelled to.
Don’t confuse gratitude for a serendipitous event with any cloying compassion towards the author of that event
True justice is quite simply the will of the Emperor.
The Chaos Power known as Tzeentch conceives plans to alter history schemes which are altogether too devious and far-flung for any human being to hope to comprehend
It is the way of Fenris. We stay as long as we can. Fight as hard as we can. Kill as much as we can. Only when we can do no more do we move on.
You ask a lot of questions, Marlin. You know what I think? I think you need another drink.
Do you ever go into a fight thinking there's no point giving my best, I'll get another chance later? We only ever get one shot, Marlin. Life is one shot. Making it count is all that matters.
To the darkness I bring fire. To the ignorant I bring faith. Those who welcome these gifts may live, but I will visit naught but death and eternal damnation on those who refuse them.
Let a wave of repugnance for the enemy wash over you. Let hatred fill you. Hate is good, for our goal is a Human galaxy. We are called by the Emperor with a sacred duty to conquer it in His name.
Logan Grimnar, Bloody-Handed Warrior He piles the skulls of his enemies He builds a mound of the fallen His foes weep rivers of blood Logan Grimnar, strong wolf of the pack His Sword hungers for red flesh His guns thirst for battle He laughs amidst the war-din Logan Grimnar, father of wolves His sons haunt his enemies Slay them where they falter And bring their pelts to Fenris.
Follow me, Sons of Russ! This night our enemies shall feel the fangs of the Wolf! 
To admit defeat is to blaspheme against the Emperor.
The warrior who acts out of honour cannot fail. His duty is honour itself. Even his death - if it is honourable - is a reward and can be no failure, for it has come through duty. Seek honour as you act, therefore, and you will know no fear.
Whatever the Emperor's will is, be sure it will find you out.
Let them bestride the galaxy like the gods of old, sheltering Mankind from destruction at the hands of an uncaring universe.
It is the great irony of the Legiones Astartes: engineered to kill to achieve a victory of peace that they can then be no part of.
Space Marines excel at warfare because they were designed to excel at everything. Each of you will become a leader, a ruler, the master of your world and, because there is no more fighting to be done, you will bend your transhuman talents to governance and culture.
Never wish for danger. Danger needs no help. There is no such thing as fate that can be tempted, but morale is never improved by an active lust for war.
Two things to note there, Sergeant. One is that there is no such thing as a minor detail. Information is victory. One cannot and should not dismiss any data until one is in a position to evaluate its significance, and that only comes with hindsight. So all detail is important until circumstances render it redundant
My brother, hear me. Warriors of the XVII Legion, hear me. This violence is against the code of the Legiones Astartes and against the will of our father, the Emperor. In the name of the Five Hundred Worlds of Ultramar, I implore you to cease fire and stand down. Open communication with me. Let us speak. Let us settle this. This action is an error of the most tragic kind. Cease fire. I, Roboute Guilliman, give you my solemn pledge that we will deal with each other frankly and fairly if these hostilities can be suspended. I urge you to respond.
Lorgar of Colchis. You may consider the following. One: I entirely withdraw my previous offer of solemn ceasefire. It is cancelled, and will not be made again, to you or to any other of your motherless bastards. Two: you are no longer any brother of mine. I will find you, I will kill you, and I will hurl your toxic corpse into hell's mouth.
What does not kill me... is not trying hard enough.
They shall be pure of heart and strong of body, untainted by doubt and unsullied by self-aggrandisement. They will be bright stars on the firmament of battle, Angels of Death whose shining wings bring swift annihilation to the enemies of Man. So it shall be for a thousand times for a thousand years, unto the very end of eternity and the extinction of mortal flesh.
I am the fist, clenched tight in ceramite, smashing with the force of a Legion. I am the blade, awaiting my foe’s flesh, as keen as the Emperor could make me. I am the bolt, fired from afar – fleet and true, an end to all who stand before the Imperium of Man.
For the Emperor stands behind his sons as the primarchs behind their captains. It is a captain’s duty to place legionary lives in harm’s way before his own. There is too little glory in the galaxy to go around and officers must be generous in the trust they place in others – for one day such brothers must be captains too.
Man never changes. So war never changes.
We die, though our war is eternal, We are doomed, but we walk in darkness, We are forgotten, yet the future is our gift to humanity.
It's funny. That time when you saved old Adrian from those fanatics I thought I heard him offer you your heart's desire. He would have sent you home if you asked. Instead you asked for a meat pie. It was a big pie.
Within dark and forgotten places hide the enemies of the Emperor. You have been chosen to enter such places and, protected by the best armour the Adeptus Mechanicus can provide, cleanse it. Take with you weapons, a valiant heart and the Emperor's blessing, and engage the enemy where it makes its lair. Acknowledge death as it approaches, but do not succumb to its touch, for your purpose is great. You have proved yourselves to be worthy of the status you now hold. Every one of you standing here, all of whom have declared allegiance to the Emperor and take his will as your guide, have shown your courage and have been rewarded for it. Those that stand before me, I charge you now, go forth and vanquish the foe.
Fenrisians are taught to value comradeship and loyalty to their tribes from birth. Within the Space Wolves, their loyalty is given to their Wolf Lord and the Company of his followers. As warrior-barbarians they set great store by personal bravery and great deeds, having little but contempt for authority that is bestowed rather than earned through the proven virtues of combat
The galaxy is the Emperor's, and anyone or anything who challenges that claim is an enemy who must be destroyed.
The Emperor extends His will to us when we destroy the wicked and impure to reconquer the galaxy in His name. The Emperor leads the galaxy to righteousness, and thus we must petition for His judgement on the wicked... for it is judgement without mercy.
The Space Wolves have already proven their ability to stave off the most determined attacks on their realm, so overt action is out of the question. However, I believe that it is imperative that they are closely monitored for signs of abomination.
Of all the Primarchs, the end of Leman Russ is the most mysterious, for he is accounted to have vanished ten thousand years ago. One of the most fundamental of the Space Wolves' tenets is the belief that their Primarch will eventually return for the final battle at the end of the universe.
A foe without honour is a foe already beaten.
Guard your tongue, whelp, lest I cut it out. I care not for your moon-touched ramblings, nor for the tales of your grandmother. Mark this well - of the 13th Company we do not speak.
The Wolves aren't animals. No beast is bound by honour, nor does it sacrifice itself for others outside its pack.
Primarch! Progenitor, to your glory and the glory of Him on Earth!
The deeds of one bold warrior can alter the course of a battle. I have four such men under my command and our every deed changes the shape of the galaxy.
Praise the sun that brings the dawn of our final doom.
So it was in the beginning; so ever it shall be.
Only the spirit is pure. The mind may be swayed, the body may fail. Only the soul cradles vengeance purely. Become the weapon of the soul. Where the mind hesitates, overcome it. Where the body fails, replace it. Aspire to the condition of the Primarch. Emulate his union with steel. Never waver. Never retreat. Never doubt. The flesh is weak. The weak shall be purged. What remains is strength.
As my battle-brothers are clad in armour of Truesilver, so shall they ride to war in gleaming chariots, protected against all harm until the moment of battle is come.
Problems? Problems? There is no problem I cannot solve with this
We have been wounded sorely. Yet still we stand, with fire in our eyes and valour in our hearts. Let them think us beaten. We shall teach them otherwise.
A battle for supremacy against many foes is a battle of the best kind. There are few considerations, only those concerning where to place your next shot. It is war in its purest form.
Why do you weep? Is it for us? For him, Nathaniel, because he can't. Today you and I have broken a brother's heart, and nothing will ever mend it.
This planet is a graveyard - care to join me?
Only faith in the Emperor and the training I am going to give you will save you on the battlefield.
Why, if it isn’t Brother Marius. The injuries from the last training exercise have healed well I see. And that new bionic eye should prove most useful for this next exercise. Tell me, how many hours have you had on Land Speeders up to now?
Already, you exalt me for my triumphs, When I ask only that you remember me for my treacheries Victory is nothing more than survival. It carries no weight of honour or worth beyond what we ascribe to it. If you wish to grow wise, learn why brothers betray brothers.
Surround yourself with the greatest warriors at your command, or cower in the deepest and darkest hole you can find. It matters not. I shall take your head for the Great Khan and for the Emperor.
Yes, my lord, you could order the Long Fangs to engage the Orks from that ridge. That's what we did at Karnax 17, and it cost the lives of three entire packs. I advise a direct, frontal assault by the Dreadnoughts, followed by the second wave of the Great Company's kin. If that doesn't smash these greenskins back to the stinking pits of Octavius then I'll answer to the Allfather in person.
I, for one, was bloody glad to see the Snakes power in. Beautiful bastards, they are. I owe them my life and my soul.
All was lost. The Xenos scum, who smashed us for two days straight, were hurtling towards us again. We readied ourselves for death. And then Death came. Ten Space Marines appeared in the midst of the alien swarm. They were all in black and they set about the foe with the very fury of the Emperor himself! They saved us, and the whole damned Imperial line.
The Damned and the World read the first The Master of Mankind has work for us here. The Castle and Chaos read the second Our Lord guides us against evil. Fire and the Executioner read the third We have our duty. Death and the Emperor read the last The Legion of the Damned shall accomplish the Imperial will.
'We shall never rest while a single renegade draws breath. Let them fear our names.'
Brother... kinsman... every time the death comes closer, but still I am rejected. Do you know why? Will you not tell me? Death took you! Why not me? WHY NOT ME?!
This day shall be our day of reckoning. Look not to the shame of the past, but to the glory of the future. We shall wash away the stain of our dishonour in the hot blood of our enemies.
I have travelled far and seen much. Yet nothing warms my heart so much as the sight of a gun so massive that its fury makes the very world tremble.
My kind were created to feel no fear, but we understand it. We were all once men who felt fear as does anyone else, and we must know it because it is a weapon we wield.
That's why you summoned us here. To know where we came from is to know where we are and where we are going. You do not say much, Pasanius Lysane, but when you speak, it is worthwhile to listen. I'm a sergeant, my lord. It's what I do.
If they are so eager to die, and they will not heed the advice of their superiors, then let them rush headlong into the jaws of the lion. We can only hope some of them get caught in its throat.
Questions are for the briefing room, not the field.
SPEED KILLS
It's not just a speeding bike you need, Gamaliel - a quick mind is just as important for victory.
But without a purpose, an Astartes is nothing. A warrior without a war is no warrior at all.
They are not my hands. This fact is forgotten by my brothers - inexplicably, it has always seemed to me. The hands are strong, to be sure, and have created great things for us all, but they are not mine. And that counts for something.They forget that the silver on my arms comes from a beast that I vanquished. It is the mark of a great evil that I ended, and yet it persists within me... I would struggle to remove it now... I will not remove the silver from my flesh because I have learned to depend on it. The fault is with my mind. I rely on the augmentation given to me by my metal gauntlets, so much so that the flesh beneath them is now little more than a distant memory... A day will come when I will strip it from me, lest I lose the power to master myself forever. Already my Legion's warriors replace their shield hands with metal in my honour, and so they too are learning to doubt the natural strength of their bodies. They must be weaned off this practice before it becomes a mania for them. Hatred of what is natural, of what is human, is the first and greatest of the corruptions. So I record it here: when the time comes, I will strip my hands of their unnatural silver. I will instruct my Legion to recant their distrust of the flesh. I will turn then away from the gifts of the machine and bid them relearn the mysteries of flesh, bone and blood. When my father's Crusade is over, this shall be my sacred task. When the fighting is done, I shall cure my Legion and myself. For if fighting is all there is, if we may never pause to reflect on what such devotion to strength is doing to us, then our compulsion will only grow. Already I see the madness that path leads to, and so I shall excise the silver from my hands. In doing so I shall weaken myself and my sons, but nonetheless it must be done. The hands are strong, and have created great things, but they are not mine.
Make war and move on, and again, and again, until nothing breathes which stands against us. All else is sophistry and pretty lies.
The duty of the Medic, my Brethren, is a sacred one. We embody the Emperor's divine will and his holy purpose. We bring death and we bring life. Let those true to Humanity's cause give thanks for our work. Let the impure bow down before our swords! 
Pain and death are illusions of the weak mind. While his gene-seed returns to the Chapter, a Marine cannot die. Without death, pain loses its relevance. He that may fight, heal him He that may fight no more, give him peace He that is dead, take from him the Chapter's due.
I trust these automata-weapons far more than any mortal ally. Their machine spirits have served our Chapter faithfully for centuries, and are sure to stand where mortal hearts succumb to fear. Just like us, they know no fear.
I once was Calistarius. He has been dead for many years. I stand in his place, with death in my right hand, darkness in my left, and I would know who this is who bears the name Mephiston.
Knowledge is Power
Faith is purest when it is unquestioning.
Pain now! Reward in the afterlife.
I ask myself what it means to be one of the Dark Angels. Is it to hunt the Fallen, chasing shadows through the dark places of the galaxy? Is it to pursue our quest at any expense, forgoing all other oaths and duties? Is it to lie, to hide and to plot so that others will never know of our shame? Is it to keep our own brethren unacquainted with the truth of our past, the legacy we all share in? Or ist it to be a Space Marine? Is it to follow the path laid down by the Emperor and Lion El'Johnson at the founding of this great Imperium of man? To protect mankind, to purge the alien, cleanse the unclean?
Your honour is your life. Let none dispute it.
As our bodies are armoured with Adamantium, our souls are protected with our loyalty. As our bolters are charged with death for the Emperor's enemies, our thoughts are charged with his wisdom. As our ranks advance, so does our devotion, for are we not Marines? Are we not the chosen of the Emperor, his loyal servants unto death?
Some say that the Blood Angels are tainted: that they harbour a dark secret. I know this to be true. I have seen the infamous Death Company: wild-eyed and foam-mouthed berserkers who tear their enemies limb from limb, crush skulls with a single blow, snap spines and rip out inner organs. I have seen the Sanguinary Priests: the passing of blood filled chalices from lip to lip, heard their wracking lamentations of Sanguinus's death. I have watched their rituals: mighty warriors daubing their armour in the blood of their foes, heard them crying for vengeance against the enemies of the Emperor.
If you know no fear, do you also not know awe? Surprise? Majesty? Have you not seen things so bizarre they left you speechless? Shocked you? Unnerved you even?
One warrior usually suffices.
'Mingle'? What in the Emperor's name does that mean?
Everything has a purpose. The Emperor ordains it so. You may corrupt the souls of men. But I am steel! I am doom! I march for Macragge, and I know no fear!
Oh, Proteus. You novices are all alike. And I'm the one who has to put you back together. It isn't combat I resent, Brother. It's the thirst for glory that gets men cut to ribbons.
Death will find you soon enough. War is not about glory. War is about victory!
May the Emperor bless and protect this sacred legacy, so that the strength of these brave warriors may live on in Ultramarines yet unborn, for the abiding honour of our fortress home, Macragge, in the name of the Chapter and the Primarch, to whom we owe all.
The Emperor protects. And having a loaded bolter never hurt, either.
We attack without warning, mercy or hesitation. Let the enemies of Mankind know that we will purge every last one of them, and let them shake in fear.
I'll not be known as a Son of Horus again, mark that well, lad.
This place was built to destroy something precious to us, something each of us shares, no matter which Primarch or Chapter we call our own. I speak of brotherhood. Bile has isolated us, severed all but the most cursory of contacts. He sows distrust and suspicion, wears you down with the slow grind of mindless days and tormented nights. The bastard wants you to believe you are forgotten. He lies. I am here to tell you that he lies and lies! Look within yourselves, brothers, and you will understand. You have been waiting for this day, even if you did not know it. This day, when you are reminded of who you are. My purpose here is the same as yours, to serve the God-Emperor and Holy Terra! Know that each of you is the harbinger of your own freedom! I say to you all that this day, we are not Blood Angels, Doom Eagles, Space Wolves, Taurans, Salamanders, Crimson Fists... We are one great legion, one heart and one mind! We are the Adeptus Astartes, the Space Marines, the war gods and terrible swift sword of our Emperor! We are His will, and we have always been so!
The Emperor commands us. Dorn guides us. Honour shields us. Fear our name, for it is vengeance.
As the mountain is Arjac A snow-capped peak His rage overshadows the wounded bear. The Rockfist endures when all seems lost.
No, NO! You would have me leave the side of my sworn battle-brothers in their darkest hour? I refuse! It is The Sigillite's command. His word is the Emperor's word. ...The Sigillite's command be damned. You give me no recourse, Garro. And so, on my honour as a son of Macragge, I choose to defy it. Even if it means I will perish here, even if you colour me a rebel like Lorgar's turncoats, I defy it!
Listen closely Brothers, for my life's breath is all but spent. There shall come a time far from now when our chapter itself is dying, even as I am now dying. Then my children, I shall list'n for your call from whatever realms of death hold me, and come I shall no-matter what laws of life and death forbid. At the end I will be there. For the final battle. For the Wolftime.
Only in the Space Marines of the Legiones Astartes are courage and expertise perfectly blended. In other troops they are present in varying degrees and proportions, and many scholars have debated their relative merits. For my own part, I come down on the side of courage. For courage can sometimes make a virtue of inexperience. I myself have commanded Imperial Guard troops whose probitor units have achieved great things, because they were too inexperienced to realise that their goal was impossible.
You strive for victory. That is obvious. What may be less obvious is the nature of victory. There are circumstances in which you can destroy the enemy utterly, without loss to your own forces, and yet the victory may be his. In all situations, you must first decide on the nature of victory, and then take steps to secure it. Avoid the instinct of fight first and think later.
A fortress circumvented ceases to be an obstacle. A fortress destroyed ceases to be a threat. Do not forget the difference.
A fortress is built with blood and toil. Only by blood and toil may it be taken.
Beat your thoughts to the mould of your will.
There are those who undervalue the Penal Battalions. But they should consider this: should a man who has wronged the Emperor be allowed to wrong Him further? For each man executed is a man who can no longer serve, and to fail in service to the Emperor is the greatest of sins
Do not underestimate the Squats. They survived for millennia cut off from the Imperium and assailed from all sides. Their determination and resilience is an example to all.
Harden your soul against decadence. But do not despise it, for the soft appearance of the decadent may be deceptive. One need only consider the Harlequin dancers of the Eldar to see the truth of this proposition.
Here I am and here shall I die.
Arm the bastards and they might win a few bloody worlds for us in between verses.
No man nor beast could best the Wolf-King, No tribe could stand against his armies. Within Russ' kingdom a truce Existed between man and wolf, His court was attended by the fiercest of Warlords and the most beautiful of maidens.
Into the fires of battle! Unto the anvil of war!
My son... step back, if you can. Step back from the abyss and return to us. I will save you. This is my fault. I am to blame. But I will amend this, if you help me. Will you help me, Alotros?
It cries out for blood. And there is never enough.
Hear me, creature. Let Meros hear this. Your gambit has failed. Whatever these powers are that you call master, whatever irrational choice my brother Horus has made to seek a pact with them, you stand defeated upon the cusp of victory. Do you understand the reason why? This one. An exemplar of your kind. You were underestimated. The Thirst would have taken you But it did not. Because as long as one single Blood Angel lives, he will be master of his spirit. He will not let the abyss that lies in the hearts of us all take him into darkness. That is the truth you do not understand, the truth that Horus has forgotten. It is not the descent toward the shadow nor the rise toward the light that makes us superior. It is the endless struggle between the two that greatness of character lies. We are tested, and we do not break. We will never fall! Take that to my brother and tell him!
I made a vow, Kano. I will see it to its bloody end. There may come a day, and sooner than we might wish, when you...when my sons will have to go on without me.
There are more things in the darkness than man can ever count.
Three Legions of Marines stand to defend you, sire. All of us will unflinchingly place ourselves between you and the war’s desolation. We are the greatest humans ever born – we are the flame of Humanity where the rest of the galaxy is just the spark. In centuries of warfare, against the vileness of the alien, the lies of the heretic, the foulness of the mutant, I have never known fear – but your silence terrifies me.
We are disorder, that is true. But that is what we were made to be. The wild and the random. If each Successor embodies the traits of The Great Angel, then that is what the Flesh Tearers are, just as the Blood Swords are his martial prowess, the Sanguine his secrecy, the Flesh Eaters his carnivore's fangs! But the Blood Angels are the melding of all of those things, and that is why I will always envy you, cousin.
For he today that sheds his blood with me shall be my battle-brother eternal.
From the darkness we strike, fast and lethal, and by the time our foes can react... darkness there and nothing more.
In the darkness all men are equal, save those that embrace it.
We are coming. Look to the skies for your salvation.
Wherever you tread, tread lightly. We are closer than you think, and our blades are sharp.
We are the slayers of kings, the destroyers of worlds, bringers of ruination and death in all its forms. These things we do in the name of the Emperor and in the defense of Mankind. Let none stay our wrath.
Brothers! War calls you. Will you answer?
Slay the beast and the horde will die.
The more we spread the more we find. World after world. New worlds to conquer. Space is limitless, and so is our appetite to master it.
We will spend our lives fighting to secure this Imperium, and then I fear we will spend the rest of our days fighting to keep it intact. There is such involving darkness amongst the stars. Even when the Imperium is complete, there will be no peace. We will be obliged to fight on to preserve what we have fought to establish. Peace is a vain wish. Our crusade may one day adopt another name, but it will never truly end. In the far future, there will be only war.
Do you really think you'd have a hope? Honestly? Your yellow ragamuffins against the best of the best? Whatever helps you sleep, Tarik. Terra bless us all it is a paradigm that will never be tested. 
Nothing worthwhile is done without challenge, best to overcome it before plans are enacted.
While vile mutants still draw breath, there can be no peace. While obscene heretics' hearts still beat, there can be no respite. While faithless traitors still live, there can be no forgiveness.
We are the wolf that stalks The stars in the sky And swallows the star-fire We hide amongst the night When light is gone The Light is within us We run the ruin of Fire In the darkness Foes burn in our passing
We ride upon the wings of storm. What hope of escape can our foes have?
I believe in three tenets of battle - firepower, firepower, and more firepower. Should the Omnissiah have wished otherwise, he would not have provided me with such a mighty tool as the Razorback. I long for the day in which my entire Chapter can ride to war in transports such as these, vehicles whose rage can be given voice through their sanctified armament.
Those of the xenos that our Predators do not crush beheanth their armoured tread, we shall strike down ourselves with avenging bolt and righteous blade. Onward Crimson Fists, ever onward!
Forget all your preconceptions of war, of battle-lines clashing in the churned ground. Your mission is to attack before the foe even realises that the war has begun, to strike hard at those vital weaknesses that all armies possess, but that no commander will admit to. Under my tutelage you will learn how to seek out such fragilities and smite them with every weapon at your disposal. Master these duties and I will have nothing more to teach, and you will truly be a Space Marine.
If he wasn't my brother, he'd be a political embarrassment and an impediment to the effective rule of the Imperium. I know what I'd do with him. I'm sure I could demonstrate how, lord Was that a joke, sergeant? I may have just made a very unfortunate attempt at humour, lord. It was actually quite funny.
Aeonid Thiel. 135th Company. Marked for censure? Today started in a different place, Sir.
Their advantage is shock and surprise. Our counter-advantage must be a lack of convention. Expand. They know what we are, for they are us. They know the attributes of our armour and our weapons. They also know our tactics and formulae of war, for our beloved primarch has made his codifications available to all his brothers. We never thought we would need to conceal our combat methods from our own kind. Today, we have been disabused of that notion. So we must fight them in ways that they do not expect from us. We must use the unconventional, the improvised and the makeshift. In order to properly honour the combat teachings of Roboute Guilliman, we must cast his rules aside for the day.
All of creation suffers, young ones. Only in accepting our own mortality can we make a difference. Only in bearing the burden of our failures can we find the strength to go on. Only in detachment from glory, or honour, or jealousy... from life itself can we hope to spare others from grief. We are Doom Eagles. And we are dead already.
Each path must be chosen with care, Lest disaster swallow us whole.
Never before or since have I seen fighting such as I witnessed when that host fell upon the Orks. Seizing the moment, I regrouped my Company and led them once more into the fray, yet there was little work for us, for the greenskins lacked stomach for the fight. Soon we secured the great bastion once more and without further loss. Of the dark brotherhood there was no sign.
It cannot be considered a gift, to peer into the Warp and unravel the possibilities of the future that are, that might be, and that must be prevented. Nor can the burden of a weapon, that each of my brothers looks upon with girded revulsion, be called a gift. No, Master, I do not think my psychic prowess a gift... but a tool. Whether by a quirk of fate, or the will of the Emperor, I possess a weapon the like of which can turn the tide, not just in a battle but in the course of history. To withhold it, to flinch from its use or deny it would not just be counter-productive, it would be heresy. But if it is a gift, it is a cruel one.
The answer, always, is the Wolves of Fenris, because they are clinically insane.
You are a base-born cur! Just so you know, you'll have to do an awful lot better than that. I'm a base-born cur, and proud of it.
They believe they are too good for the Codex Astartes, these... these wolf-men? Too good for ten millennia of tested and refined battle wisdom? Then let them fight as savages, I say. Let them fight and die.
Arm yourselves, fools, the enemy are within us!
My sword is at the Emperor's command. I answer to no other man, living or dead.
Our presence remakes the past
"We march for Macragge!" "And we shall know no fear!"
"From Ancient Terra the Emperor commands His Proud Sons."
"From revered Blood-stock these Warriors are made His Proud sons"
"No fear they shall know as Adeptus Astartes, His Proud Sons"
To take a town, send a legionary. To take a city, send a squad. To take a world, send a company. To take a culture, send a Chapter.
Come all you Xeno scum and fallen heretics! Come face the one true might of the universe and wither under the Golden Throne's gaze!
Hell? There is no such thing, Garro! It's a figment of old idolatry, nothing more. We have no need for a place of horrors beyond death. Horus makes it for us, here, in the real!
Garro, heed me. We have lost so many of our brethren to this schism, this damned bloody war! A traitor I will kill without hesitation, but we do not speak of a traitor! Our kinsman is lost.
I was not cut out to lead like this, Garro. I am a killer, a meat cutter, not a brood mare struggling to protect a brood of weak and feeble runts! I lead warriors, not common folk!
I can pulp your flesh and snap your bones in less than a second, and without so much as lifting a finger. What is the power of technology compared to that?
We commend our souls to the Emperor. Let the story of our sacrifice burn across history like a shooting star. For death and for glory - for the Ultramarines!
But if you fail, Pavonis will die. By my hand or that of de Valtos. We will not fail. We are the Ultramarines.
I have seen my share of death, both honourable and despicable, and yes, I know that war is a brutal, bloody business capable of bringing out the best and the worst in men. This is a harsh, dangerous galaxy, with untold terrors lurking in the dark to devour us, but the minute we turn on our own kind and murder them, we might as well take a blade to our throats.
Without the Codex Astartes, the Imperium wouldn't have survived the aftermath of the Great Heresy. It binds every one of the thousand Chapters of Space Marines together, and gives us a common cause, a connection to the past and to one another. Every Chapter, whether they acknowledge it or not, owes its very existence to the Codex Astartes.
And you are wrong. About what? About the life of a single individual being irrelevant. Every life is vital, no matter how seemingly insignificant. If we forget that, we are no better than the scum out there.
Walls of stone and walls of iron, Fall down all the same. They may delay but don't prevent The hail of death and pain.
If you can see us, we are dangerous indeed. But that is nothing to the peril you face if you cannot see us, and all you can hear is our laughter.
It was the Allfather who created Leman Russ, the primogenitor of the Vlka Fenryka, and the Allfather who fashioned the Legion that served under his name. For every Legion he created, there was a purpose. Some were blessed with the power to build, or the skill to administer, or the capacity for stealth. Our gift was different. We were made to destroy. Our whole being is destruction. Such was the will of the Allfather. He made us not to construct empires, but to murder them. We were bred to perform the tasks that no other Legion could, to fight with such extravagance that even our brother warriors would shrink from treachery in the knowledge of what we, the Rout, would do to them.
Honour your Chapter.
Wherever and whenever they appear they leave only destruction in their wake; they are the Lords of Death, Bringers of War. The Dark Angels.
A fortress won't stop the Marines. But it may slow them down.